Write a sentence Before we proceed any further, hear me speak.
Write a sentence Speak, speak.
Write a sentence You are all resolved rather to die than to famish?
Write a sentence Resolved. resolved.
Write a sentence First, you know Caius Marcius is chief enemy to the people.
Write a sentence We know't, we know't.
Write a sentence Let us kill him, and we'll have corn at our own price.
Write a sentence No more talking on't; let it be done: away, away!
Write a sentence One word, good citizens.
Write a sentence We are accounted poor citizens, the patricians good.
Write a sentence Would you proceed especially against Caius Marcius?
Write a sentence Against him first: he's a very dog to the commonalty.
Write a sentence Consider you what services he has done for his country?
Write a sentence Very well; and could be content to give him good
Write a sentence Nay, but speak not maliciously.
Write a sentence I say unto you, what he hath done famously, he did
Write a sentence What he cannot help in his nature, you account a
Write a sentence If I must not, I need not be barren of accusations;
Write a sentence Come, come.
Write a sentence Soft! who comes here?
Write a sentence Worthy Menenius Agrippa; one that hath always loved
Write a sentence He's one honest enough: would all the rest were so!
Write a sentence What work's, my countrymen, in hand? where go you
Write a sentence Our business is not unknown to the senate; they have
Write a sentence Why, masters, my good friends, mine honest neighbours,
Write a sentence We cannot, sir, we are undone already.
Write a sentence I tell you, friends, most charitable care
Write a sentence Care for us! True, indeed! They ne'er cared for us
Write a sentence Either you must
Write a sentence Well, I'll hear it, sir: yet you must not think to
Write a sentence There was a time when all the body's members
Write a sentence Well, sir, what answer made the belly?
Write a sentence Sir, I shall tell you. With a kind of smile,
Write a sentence Your belly's answer? What!
Write a sentence What then?
Write a sentence Should by the cormorant belly be restrain'd,
Write a sentence Well, what then?
Write a sentence The former agents, if they did complain,
Write a sentence I will tell you
Write a sentence Ye're long about it.
Write a sentence Note me this, good friend;
Write a sentence Ay, sir; well, well.
Write a sentence 'Though all at once cannot
Write a sentence It was an answer: how apply you this?
Write a sentence The senators of Rome are this good belly,
Write a sentence I the great toe! why the great toe?
Write a sentence For that, being one o' the lowest, basest, poorest,
Write a sentence Thanks. What's the matter, you dissentious rogues,
Write a sentence We have ever your good word.
Write a sentence He that will give good words to thee will flatter
Write a sentence For corn at their own rates; whereof, they say,
Write a sentence Hang 'em! They say!
Write a sentence Nay, these are almost thoroughly persuaded;
Write a sentence They are dissolved: hang 'em!
Write a sentence What is granted them?
Write a sentence Five tribunes to defend their vulgar wisdoms,
Write a sentence This is strange.
Write a sentence Go, get you home, you fragments!
Write a sentence Where's Caius Marcius?
Write a sentence Here: what's the matter?
Write a sentence The news is, sir, the Volsces are in arms.
Write a sentence I am glad on 't: then we shall ha' means to vent
Write a sentence Marcius, 'tis true that you have lately told us;
Write a sentence They have a leader,
Write a sentence You have fought together.
Write a sentence Were half to half the world by the ears and he.
Write a sentence Then, worthy Marcius,
Write a sentence It is your former promise.
Write a sentence Sir, it is;
Write a sentence No, Caius Marcius;
Write a sentence O, true-bred!
Write a sentence Your company to the Capitol; where, I know,
Write a sentence Noble Marcius!
Write a sentence Nay, let them follow:
Write a sentence Was ever man so proud as is this Marcius?
Write a sentence He has no equal.
Write a sentence When we were chosen tribunes for the people,--
Write a sentence Mark'd you his lip and eyes?
Write a sentence Nay. but his taunts.
Write a sentence Being moved, he will not spare to gird the gods.
Write a sentence Be-mock the modest moon.
Write a sentence The present wars devour him: he is grown
Write a sentence Such a nature,
Write a sentence Fame, at the which he aims,
Write a sentence Besides, if things go well,
Write a sentence Come:
Write a sentence Let's hence, and hear
Write a sentence Lets along.
Write a sentence So, your opinion is, Aufidius,
Write a sentence Is it not yours?
Write a sentence Our army's in the field
Write a sentence Nor did you think it folly
Write a sentence Noble Aufidius,
Write a sentence O, doubt not that;
Write a sentence The gods assist you!
Write a sentence And keep your honours safe!
Write a sentence Farewell.
Write a sentence Farewell.
Write a sentence Farewell.
Write a sentence I pray you, daughter, sing; or express yourself in a
Write a sentence But had he died in the business, madam; how then?
Write a sentence Then his good report should have been my son; I
Write a sentence Madam, the Lady Valeria is come to visit you.
Write a sentence Beseech you, give me leave to retire myself.
Write a sentence Indeed, you shall not.
Write a sentence His bloody brow! O Jupiter, no blood!
Write a sentence Away, you fool! it more becomes a man
Write a sentence Heavens bless my lord from fell Aufidius!
Write a sentence He'll beat Aufidius 'head below his knee
Write a sentence My ladies both, good day to you.
Write a sentence Sweet madam.
Write a sentence I am glad to see your ladyship.
Write a sentence How do you both? you are manifest house-keepers.
Write a sentence I thank your ladyship; well, good madam.
Write a sentence He had rather see the swords, and hear a drum, than
Write a sentence O' my word, the father's son: I'll swear,'tis a
Write a sentence One on 's father's moods.
Write a sentence Indeed, la, 'tis a noble child.
Write a sentence A crack, madam.
Write a sentence Come, lay aside your stitchery; I must have you play
Write a sentence No, good madam; I will not out of doors.
Write a sentence Not out of doors!
Write a sentence She shall, she shall.
Write a sentence Indeed, no, by your patience; I'll not over the
Write a sentence Fie, you confine yourself most unreasonably: come,
Write a sentence I will wish her speedy strength, and visit her with
Write a sentence Why, I pray you?
Write a sentence 'Tis not to save labour, nor that I want love.
Write a sentence You would be another Penelope: yet, they say, all
Write a sentence No, good madam, pardon me; indeed, I will not forth.
Write a sentence In truth, la, go with me; and I'll tell you
Write a sentence O, good madam, there can be none yet.
Write a sentence Verily, I do not jest with you; there came news from
Write a sentence Indeed, madam?
Write a sentence In earnest, it's true; I heard a senator speak it.
Write a sentence Give me excuse, good madam; I will obey you in every
Write a sentence Let her alone, lady: as she is now, she will but
Write a sentence In troth, I think she would. Fare you well, then.
Write a sentence No, at a word, madam; indeed, I must not. I wish
Write a sentence Well, then, farewell.
Write a sentence Yonder comes news. A wager they have met.
Write a sentence My horse to yours, no.
Write a sentence 'Tis done.
Write a sentence Agreed.
Write a sentence Say, has our general met the enemy?
Write a sentence They lie in view; but have not spoke as yet.
Write a sentence So, the good horse is mine.
Write a sentence I'll buy him of you.
Write a sentence No, I'll nor sell nor give him: lend you him I will
Write a sentence How far off lie these armies?
Write a sentence Within this mile and half.
Write a sentence Then shall we hear their 'larum, and they ours.
Write a sentence No, nor a man that fears you less than he,
Write a sentence O, they are at it!
Write a sentence Their noise be our instruction. Ladders, ho!
Write a sentence They fear us not, but issue forth their city.
Write a sentence All the contagion of the south light on you,
Write a sentence Fool-hardiness; not I.
Write a sentence Nor I.
Write a sentence See, they have shut him in.
Write a sentence To the pot, I warrant him.
Write a sentence What is become of Marcius?
Write a sentence Slain, sir, doubtless.
Write a sentence Following the fliers at the very heels,
Write a sentence O noble fellow!
Write a sentence Look, sir.
Write a sentence O,'tis Marcius!
Write a sentence This will I carry to Rome.
Write a sentence And I this.
Write a sentence A murrain on't! I took this for silver.
Write a sentence See here these movers that do prize their hours
Write a sentence Worthy sir, thou bleed'st;
Write a sentence Sir, praise me not;
Write a sentence Now the fair goddess, Fortune,
Write a sentence Thy friend no less
Write a sentence Thou worthiest Marcius!
Write a sentence Breathe you, my friends: well fought;
Write a sentence The citizens of Corioli have issued,
Write a sentence Though thou speak'st truth,
Write a sentence Above an hour, my lord.
Write a sentence 'Tis not a mile; briefly we heard their drums:
Write a sentence Spies of the Volsces
Write a sentence Who's yonder,
Write a sentence The shepherd knows not thunder from a tabour
Write a sentence Come I too late?
Write a sentence Ay, if you come not in the blood of others,
Write a sentence O, let me clip ye
Write a sentence Flower of warriors,
Write a sentence As with a man busied about decrees:
Write a sentence Where is that slave
Write a sentence Let him alone;
Write a sentence But how prevail'd you?
Write a sentence Will the time serve to tell? I do not think.
Write a sentence Marcius,
Write a sentence How lies their battle? know you on which side
Write a sentence As I guess, Marcius,
Write a sentence I do beseech you,
Write a sentence Though I could wish
Write a sentence Those are they
Write a sentence March on, my fellows:
Write a sentence So, let the ports be guarded: keep your duties,
Write a sentence Fear not our care, sir.
Write a sentence Hence, and shut your gates upon's.
Write a sentence I'll fight with none but thee; for I do hate thee
Write a sentence We hate alike:
Write a sentence Let the first budger die the other's slave,
Write a sentence If I fly, Marcius,
Write a sentence Within these three hours, Tullus,
Write a sentence Wert thou the Hector
Write a sentence If I should tell thee o'er this thy day's work,
Write a sentence O general,
Write a sentence Pray now, no more: my mother,
Write a sentence You shall not be
Write a sentence I have some wounds upon me, and they smart
Write a sentence Should they not,
Write a sentence I thank you, general;
Write a sentence May these same instruments, which you profane,
Write a sentence Too modest are you;
Write a sentence Caius Marcius Coriolanus!
Write a sentence I will go wash;
Write a sentence So, to our tent;
Write a sentence I shall, my lord.
Write a sentence The gods begin to mock me. I, that now
Write a sentence Take't; 'tis yours. What is't?
Write a sentence I sometime lay here in Corioli
Write a sentence O, well begg'd!
Write a sentence Marcius, his name?
Write a sentence By Jupiter! forgot.
Write a sentence Go we to our tent:
Write a sentence The town is ta'en!
Write a sentence 'Twill be deliver'd back on good condition.
Write a sentence Condition!
Write a sentence He's the devil.
Write a sentence Bolder, though not so subtle. My valour's poison'd
Write a sentence Will not you go?
Write a sentence I am attended at the cypress grove: I pray you--
Write a sentence I shall, sir.
Write a sentence The augurer tells me we shall have news to-night.
Write a sentence Good or bad?
Write a sentence Not according to the prayer of the people, for they
Write a sentence Nature teaches beasts to know their friends.
Write a sentence Pray you, who does the wolf love?
Write a sentence The lamb.
Write a sentence Ay, to devour him; as the hungry plebeians would the
Write a sentence He's a lamb indeed, that baes like a bear.
Write a sentence He's a bear indeed, that lives like a lamb. You two
Write a sentence Well, sir.
Write a sentence In what enormity is Marcius poor in, that you two
Write a sentence He's poor in no one fault, but stored with all.
Write a sentence Especially in pride.
Write a sentence And topping all others in boasting.
Write a sentence This is strange now: do you two know how you are
Write a sentence Why, how are we censured?
Write a sentence Because you talk of pride now,--will you not be angry?
Write a sentence Well, well, sir, well.
Write a sentence Why, 'tis no great matter; for a very little thief of
Write a sentence We do it not alone, sir.
Write a sentence I know you can do very little alone; for your helps
Write a sentence What then, sir?
Write a sentence Why, then you should discover a brace of unmeriting,
Write a sentence Menenius, you are known well enough too.
Write a sentence I am known to be a humorous patrician, and one that
Write a sentence Come, sir, come, we know you well enough.
Write a sentence You know neither me, yourselves nor any thing. You
Write a sentence Come, come, you are well understood to be a
Write a sentence Our very priests must become mockers, if they shall
Write a sentence Honourable Menenius, my boy Marcius approaches; for
Write a sentence Ha! Marcius coming home!
Write a sentence Ay, worthy Menenius; and with most prosperous
Write a sentence Take my cap, Jupiter, and I thank thee. Hoo!
Write a sentence Nay,'tis true.
Write a sentence Look, here's a letter from him: the state hath
Write a sentence I will make my very house reel tonight: a letter for
Write a sentence Yes, certain, there's a letter for you; I saw't.
Write a sentence A letter for me! it gives me an estate of seven
Write a sentence O, no, no, no.
Write a sentence O, he is wounded; I thank the gods for't.
Write a sentence So do I too, if it be not too much: brings a'
Write a sentence On's brows: Menenius, he comes the third time home
Write a sentence Has he disciplined Aufidius soundly?
Write a sentence Titus Lartius writes, they fought together, but
Write a sentence And 'twas time for him too, I'll warrant him that:
Write a sentence Good ladies, let's go. Yes, yes, yes; the senate
Write a sentence In troth, there's wondrous things spoke of him.
Write a sentence Wondrous! ay, I warrant you, and not without his
Write a sentence The gods grant them true!
Write a sentence True! pow, wow.
Write a sentence True! I'll be sworn they are true.
Write a sentence I' the shoulder and i' the left arm there will be
Write a sentence One i' the neck, and two i' the thigh,--there's
Write a sentence He had, before this last expedition, twenty-five
Write a sentence Now it's twenty-seven: every gash was an enemy's grave.
Write a sentence These are the ushers of Marcius: before him he
Write a sentence Know, Rome, that all alone Marcius did fight
Write a sentence Welcome to Rome, renowned Coriolanus!
Write a sentence No more of this; it does offend my heart:
Write a sentence Look, sir, your mother!
Write a sentence O,
Write a sentence Nay, my good soldier, up;
Write a sentence My gracious silence, hail!
Write a sentence Now, the gods crown thee!
Write a sentence And live you yet?
Write a sentence I know not where to turn: O, welcome home:
Write a sentence A hundred thousand welcomes. I could weep
Write a sentence Ever right.
Write a sentence Menenius ever, ever.
Write a sentence Give way there, and go on!
Write a sentence I have lived
Write a sentence Know, good mother,
Write a sentence On, to the Capitol!
Write a sentence All tongues speak of him, and the bleared sights
Write a sentence On the sudden,
Write a sentence Then our office may,
Write a sentence He cannot temperately transport his honours
Write a sentence In that there's comfort.
Write a sentence Doubt not
Write a sentence I heard him swear,
Write a sentence 'Tis right.
Write a sentence It was his word: O, he would miss it rather
Write a sentence I wish no better
Write a sentence 'Tis most like he will.
Write a sentence It shall be to him then as our good wills,
Write a sentence So it must fall out
Write a sentence This, as you say, suggested
Write a sentence What's the matter?
Write a sentence You are sent for to the Capitol. 'Tis thought
Write a sentence Let's to the Capitol;
Write a sentence Have with you.
Write a sentence Come, come, they are almost here. How many stand
Write a sentence Three, they say: but 'tis thought of every one
Write a sentence That's a brave fellow; but he's vengeance proud, and
Write a sentence Faith, there had been many great men that have
Write a sentence If he did not care whether he had their love or no,
Write a sentence He hath deserved worthily of his country: and his
Write a sentence No more of him; he is a worthy man: make way, they
Write a sentence Having determined of the Volsces and
Write a sentence Speak, good Cominius:
Write a sentence We are convented
Write a sentence Which the rather
Write a sentence That's off, that's off;
Write a sentence Most willingly;
Write a sentence He loves your people
Write a sentence Sit, Coriolanus; never shame to hear
Write a sentence Your horror's pardon:
Write a sentence Sir, I hope
Write a sentence No, sir: yet oft,
Write a sentence Pray now, sit down.
Write a sentence I had rather have one scratch my head i' the sun
Write a sentence Masters of the people,
Write a sentence I shall lack voice: the deeds of Coriolanus
Write a sentence Worthy man!
Write a sentence He cannot but with measure fit the honours
Write a sentence Our spoils he kick'd at,
Write a sentence He's right noble:
Write a sentence Call Coriolanus.
Write a sentence He doth appear.
Write a sentence The senate, Coriolanus, are well pleased
Write a sentence I do owe them still
Write a sentence It then remains
Write a sentence I do beseech you,
Write a sentence Sir, the people
Write a sentence Put them not to't:
Write a sentence It is apart
Write a sentence Mark you that?
Write a sentence To brag unto them, thus I did, and thus;
Write a sentence Do not stand upon't.
Write a sentence To Coriolanus come all joy and honour!
Write a sentence You see how he intends to use the people.
Write a sentence May they perceive's intent! He will require them,
Write a sentence Come, we'll inform them
Write a sentence Once, if he do require our voices, we ought not to deny him.
Write a sentence We may, sir, if we will.
Write a sentence We have power in ourselves to do it, but it is a
Write a sentence And to make us no better thought of, a little help
Write a sentence We have been called so of many; not that our heads
Write a sentence Think you so? Which way do you judge my wit would
Write a sentence Nay, your wit will not so soon out as another man's
Write a sentence Why that way?
Write a sentence To lose itself in a fog, where being three parts
Write a sentence You are never without your tricks: you may, you may.
Write a sentence Are you all resolved to give your voices? But
Write a sentence Content, content.
Write a sentence O sir, you are not right: have you not known
Write a sentence What must I say?
Write a sentence O me, the gods!
Write a sentence Think upon me! hang 'em!
Write a sentence You'll mar all:
Write a sentence Bid them wash their faces
Write a sentence We do, sir; tell us what hath brought you to't.
Write a sentence Mine own desert.
Write a sentence Your own desert!
Write a sentence Ay, but not mine own desire.
Write a sentence How not your own desire?
Write a sentence No, sir,'twas never my desire yet to trouble the
Write a sentence You must think, if we give you any thing, we hope to
Write a sentence Well then, I pray, your price o' the consulship?
Write a sentence The price is to ask it kindly.
Write a sentence Kindly! Sir, I pray, let me ha't: I have wounds to
Write a sentence You shall ha' it, worthy sir.
Write a sentence A match, sir. There's in all two worthy voices
Write a sentence But this is something odd.
Write a sentence An 'twere to give again,--but 'tis no matter.
Write a sentence Pray you now, if it may stand with the tune of your
Write a sentence You have deserved nobly of your country, and you
Write a sentence Your enigma?
Write a sentence You have been a scourge to her enemies, you have
Write a sentence You should account me the more virtuous that I have
Write a sentence We hope to find you our friend; and therefore give
Write a sentence You have received many wounds for your country.
Write a sentence I will not seal your knowledge with showing them. I
Write a sentence The gods give you joy, sir, heartily!
Write a sentence Most sweet voices!
Write a sentence He has done nobly, and cannot go without any honest
Write a sentence Therefore let him be consul: the gods give him joy,
Write a sentence Amen, amen. God save thee, noble consul!
Write a sentence Worthy voices!
Write a sentence You have stood your limitation; and the tribunes
Write a sentence Is this done?
Write a sentence The custom of request you have discharged:
Write a sentence Where? at the senate-house?
Write a sentence There, Coriolanus.
Write a sentence May I change these garments?
Write a sentence You may, sir.
Write a sentence That I'll straight do; and, knowing myself again,
Write a sentence I'll keep you company. Will you along?
Write a sentence We stay here for the people.
Write a sentence Fare you well.
Write a sentence With a proud heart he wore his humble weeds.
Write a sentence How now, my masters! have you chose this man?
Write a sentence He has our voices, sir.
Write a sentence We pray the gods he may deserve your loves.
Write a sentence Amen, sir: to my poor unworthy notice,
Write a sentence Certainly
Write a sentence No,'tis his kind of speech: he did not mock us.
Write a sentence Not one amongst us, save yourself, but says
Write a sentence Why, so he did, I am sure.
Write a sentence No, no; no man saw 'em.
Write a sentence He said he had wounds, which he could show
Write a sentence Why either were you ignorant to see't,
Write a sentence Could you not have told him
Write a sentence Thus to have said,
Write a sentence Did you perceive
Write a sentence Have you
Write a sentence He's not confirm'd; we may deny him yet.
Write a sentence And will deny him:
Write a sentence I twice five hundred and their friends to piece 'em.
Write a sentence Get you hence instantly, and tell those friends,
Write a sentence Let them assemble,
Write a sentence Lay
Write a sentence Say, you chose him
Write a sentence Ay, spare us not. Say we read lectures to you.
Write a sentence One thus descended,
Write a sentence Say, you ne'er had done't--
Write a sentence We will so: almost all
Write a sentence Let them go on;
Write a sentence To the Capitol, come:
Write a sentence Tullus Aufidius then had made new head?
Write a sentence He had, my lord; and that it was which caused
Write a sentence So then the Volsces stand but as at first,
Write a sentence They are worn, lord consul, so,
Write a sentence Saw you Aufidius?
Write a sentence On safe-guard he came to me; and did curse
Write a sentence Spoke he of me?
Write a sentence He did, my lord.
Write a sentence How? what?
Write a sentence How often he had met you, sword to sword;
Write a sentence At Antium lives he?
Write a sentence At Antium.
Write a sentence I wish I had a cause to seek him there,
Write a sentence Pass no further.
Write a sentence Ha! what is that?
Write a sentence It will be dangerous to go on: no further.
Write a sentence What makes this change?
Write a sentence The matter?
Write a sentence Hath he not pass'd the noble and the common?
Write a sentence Cominius, no.
Write a sentence Have I had children's voices?
Write a sentence Tribunes, give way; he shall to the market-place.
Write a sentence The people are incensed against him.
Write a sentence Stop,
Write a sentence Are these your herd?
Write a sentence Be calm, be calm.
Write a sentence It is a purposed thing, and grows by plot,
Write a sentence Call't not a plot:
Write a sentence Why, this was known before.
Write a sentence Not to them all.
Write a sentence Have you inform'd them sithence?
Write a sentence How! I inform them!
Write a sentence You are like to do such business.
Write a sentence Not unlike,
Write a sentence Why then should I be consul? By yond clouds,
Write a sentence You show too much of that
Write a sentence Let's be calm.
Write a sentence The people are abused; set on. This paltering
Write a sentence Tell me of corn!
Write a sentence Not now, not now.
Write a sentence Not in this heat, sir, now.
Write a sentence Now, as I live, I will. My nobler friends,
Write a sentence Well, no more.
Write a sentence No more words, we beseech you.
Write a sentence How! no more!
Write a sentence You speak o' the people,
Write a sentence 'Twere well
Write a sentence What, what? his choler?
Write a sentence Choler!
Write a sentence It is a mind
Write a sentence Shall remain!
Write a sentence 'Twas from the canon.
Write a sentence 'Shall'!
Write a sentence Well, on to the market-place.
Write a sentence Whoever gave that counsel, to give forth
Write a sentence Well, well, no more of that.
Write a sentence Though there the people had more absolute power,
Write a sentence Why, shall the people give
Write a sentence I'll give my reasons,
Write a sentence Come, enough.
Write a sentence Enough, with over-measure.
Write a sentence No, take more:
Write a sentence Has said enough.
Write a sentence Has spoken like a traitor, and shall answer
Write a sentence Thou wretch, despite o'erwhelm thee!
Write a sentence Manifest treason!
Write a sentence This a consul? no.
Write a sentence The aediles, ho!
Write a sentence Go, call the people:
Write a sentence Hence, old goat!
Write a sentence We'll surety him.
Write a sentence Aged sir, hands off.
Write a sentence Hence, rotten thing! or I shall shake thy bones
Write a sentence Help, ye citizens!
Write a sentence On both sides more respect.
Write a sentence Here's he that would take from you all your power.
Write a sentence Seize him, AEdiles!
Write a sentence Down with him! down with him!
Write a sentence Weapons, weapons, weapons!
Write a sentence What is about to be? I am out of breath;
Write a sentence Hear me, people; peace!
Write a sentence Let's hear our tribune: peace Speak, speak, speak.
Write a sentence You are at point to lose your liberties:
Write a sentence Fie, fie, fie!
Write a sentence To unbuild the city and to lay all flat.
Write a sentence What is the city but the people?
Write a sentence True,
Write a sentence By the consent of all, we were establish'd
Write a sentence You so remain.
Write a sentence And so are like to do.
Write a sentence That is the way to lay the city flat;
Write a sentence This deserves death.
Write a sentence Or let us stand to our authority,
Write a sentence Therefore lay hold of him;
Write a sentence AEdiles, seize him!
Write a sentence Yield, Marcius, yield!
Write a sentence Hear me one word;
Write a sentence Peace, peace!
Write a sentence Sir, those cold ways,
Write a sentence No, I'll die here.
Write a sentence Down with that sword! Tribunes, withdraw awhile.
Write a sentence Lay hands upon him.
Write a sentence Help Marcius, help,
Write a sentence Down with him, down with him!
Write a sentence Go, get you to your house; be gone, away!
Write a sentence Get you gone.
Write a sentence Stand fast;
Write a sentence Sham it be put to that?
Write a sentence The gods forbid!
Write a sentence For 'tis a sore upon us,
Write a sentence Come, sir, along with us.
Write a sentence I would they were barbarians--as they are,
Write a sentence Be gone;
Write a sentence On fair ground
Write a sentence I could myself
Write a sentence Pray you, be gone:
Write a sentence Nay, come away.
Write a sentence This man has marr'd his fortune.
Write a sentence His nature is too noble for the world:
Write a sentence I would they were abed!
Write a sentence I would they were in Tiber! What the vengeance!
Write a sentence Where is this viper
Write a sentence You worthy tribunes,--
Write a sentence He shall be thrown down the Tarpeian rock
Write a sentence He shall well know
Write a sentence He shall, sure on't.
Write a sentence Sir, sir,--
Write a sentence Peace!
Write a sentence Do not cry havoc, where you should but hunt
Write a sentence Sir, how comes't that you
Write a sentence Hear me speak:
Write a sentence Consul! what consul?
Write a sentence The consul Coriolanus.
Write a sentence He consul!
Write a sentence No, no, no, no, no.
Write a sentence If, by the tribunes' leave, and yours, good people,
Write a sentence Speak briefly then;
Write a sentence Now the good gods forbid
Write a sentence He's a disease that must be cut away.
Write a sentence O, he's a limb that has but a disease;
Write a sentence This is clean kam.
Write a sentence Merely awry: when he did love his country,
Write a sentence The service of the foot
Write a sentence We'll hear no more.
Write a sentence One word more, one word.
Write a sentence If it were so,--
Write a sentence What do ye talk?
Write a sentence Consider this: he has been bred i' the wars
Write a sentence Noble tribunes,
Write a sentence Noble Menenius,
Write a sentence Go not home.
Write a sentence Meet on the market-place. We'll attend you there:
Write a sentence I'll bring him to you.
Write a sentence Pray you, let's to him.
Write a sentence Let them puff all about mine ears, present me
Write a sentence You do the nobler.
Write a sentence I muse my mother
Write a sentence O, sir, sir, sir,
Write a sentence Let go.
Write a sentence You might have been enough the man you are,
Write a sentence Let them hang.
Write a sentence Ay, and burn too.
Write a sentence Come, come, you have been too rough, something
Write a sentence There's no remedy;
Write a sentence Pray, be counsell'd:
Write a sentence Well said, noble woman?
Write a sentence What must I do?
Write a sentence Return to the tribunes.
Write a sentence Well, what then? what then?
Write a sentence Repent what you have spoke.
Write a sentence For them! I cannot do it to the gods;
Write a sentence You are too absolute;
Write a sentence Tush, tush!
Write a sentence A good demand.
Write a sentence If it be honour in your wars to seem
Write a sentence Why force you this?
Write a sentence Because that now it lies you on to speak
Write a sentence Noble lady!
Write a sentence I prithee now, my son,
Write a sentence This but done,
Write a sentence Prithee now,
Write a sentence I have been i' the market-place; and, sir,'tis fit
Write a sentence Only fair speech.
Write a sentence I think 'twill serve, if he
Write a sentence He must, and will
Write a sentence Must I go show them my unbarbed sconce?
Write a sentence Come, come, we'll prompt you.
Write a sentence I prithee now, sweet son, as thou hast said
Write a sentence Well, I must do't:
Write a sentence At thy choice, then:
Write a sentence Pray, be content:
Write a sentence Do your will.
Write a sentence Away! the tribunes do attend you: arm yourself
Write a sentence The word is 'mildly.' Pray you, let us go:
Write a sentence Ay, but mildly.
Write a sentence Well, mildly be it then. Mildly!
Write a sentence In this point charge him home, that he affects
Write a sentence He's coming.
Write a sentence How accompanied?
Write a sentence With old Menenius, and those senators
Write a sentence Have you a catalogue
Write a sentence I have; 'tis ready.
Write a sentence Have you collected them by tribes?
Write a sentence I have.
Write a sentence Assemble presently the people hither;
Write a sentence I shall inform them.
Write a sentence And when such time they have begun to cry,
Write a sentence Very well.
Write a sentence Make them be strong and ready for this hint,
Write a sentence Go about it.
Write a sentence Well, here he comes.
Write a sentence Calmly, I do beseech you.
Write a sentence Ay, as an ostler, that for the poorest piece
Write a sentence Amen, amen.
Write a sentence A noble wish.
Write a sentence Draw near, ye people.
Write a sentence List to your tribunes. Audience: peace, I say!
Write a sentence First, hear me speak.
Write a sentence Well, say. Peace, ho!
Write a sentence Shall I be charged no further than this present?
Write a sentence I do demand,
Write a sentence I am content.
Write a sentence Lo, citizens, he says he is content:
Write a sentence Scratches with briers,
Write a sentence Consider further,
Write a sentence Well, well, no more.
Write a sentence What is the matter
Write a sentence Answer to us.
Write a sentence Say, then: 'tis true, I ought so.
Write a sentence We charge you, that you have contrived to take
Write a sentence How! traitor!
Write a sentence Nay, temperately; your promise.
Write a sentence The fires i' the lowest hell fold-in the people!
Write a sentence Mark you this, people?
Write a sentence To the rock, to the rock with him!
Write a sentence Peace!
Write a sentence But since he hath
Write a sentence What do you prate of service?
Write a sentence I talk of that, that know it.
Write a sentence You?
Write a sentence Is this the promise that you made your mother?
Write a sentence Know, I pray you,--
Write a sentence I know no further:
Write a sentence For that he has,
Write a sentence It shall be so, it shall be so; let him away:
Write a sentence Hear me, my masters, and my common friends,--
Write a sentence He's sentenced; no more hearing.
Write a sentence Let me speak:
Write a sentence We know your drift: speak what?
Write a sentence There's no more to be said, but he is banish'd,
Write a sentence It shall be so, it shall be so.
Write a sentence You common cry of curs! whose breath I hate
Write a sentence The people's enemy is gone, is gone!
Write a sentence Our enemy is banish'd! he is gone! Hoo! hoo!
Write a sentence Go, see him out at gates, and follow him,
Write a sentence Come, come; let's see him out at gates; come.
Write a sentence Come, leave your tears: a brief farewell: the beast
Write a sentence O heavens! O heavens!
Write a sentence Nay! prithee, woman,--
Write a sentence Now the red pestilence strike all trades in Rome,
Write a sentence What, what, what!
Write a sentence My first son.
Write a sentence O the gods!
Write a sentence I'll follow thee a month, devise with thee
Write a sentence Fare ye well:
Write a sentence That's worthily
Write a sentence Give me thy hand: Come.
Write a sentence Bid them all home; he's gone, and we'll no further.
Write a sentence Now we have shown our power,
Write a sentence Bid them home:
Write a sentence Dismiss them home.
Write a sentence Let's not meet her.
Write a sentence Why?
Write a sentence They say she's mad.
Write a sentence They have ta'en note of us: keep on your way.
Write a sentence O, ye're well met: the hoarded plague o' the gods
Write a sentence Peace, peace; be not so loud.
Write a sentence If that I could for weeping, you should hear,--
Write a sentence Are you mankind?
Write a sentence Ay, fool; is that a shame? Note but this fool.
Write a sentence O blessed heavens!
Write a sentence More noble blows than ever thou wise words;
Write a sentence What then?
Write a sentence What then!
Write a sentence Bastards and all.
Write a sentence Come, come, peace.
Write a sentence I would he had continued to his country
Write a sentence I would he had.
Write a sentence 'I would he had'! 'Twas you incensed the rabble:
Write a sentence Pray, let us go.
Write a sentence Now, pray, sir, get you gone:
Write a sentence Well, well, we'll leave you.
Write a sentence Why stay we to be baited
Write a sentence Take my prayers with you.
Write a sentence You have told them home;
Write a sentence Anger's my meat; I sup upon myself,
Write a sentence Fie, fie, fie!
Write a sentence I know you well, sir, and you know
Write a sentence It is so, sir: truly, I have forgot you.
Write a sentence I am a Roman; and my services are,
Write a sentence Nicanor? no.
Write a sentence The same, sir.
Write a sentence You had more beard when I last saw you; but your
Write a sentence There hath been in Rome strange insurrections; the
Write a sentence Hath been! is it ended, then? Our state thinks not
Write a sentence The main blaze of it is past, but a small thing
Write a sentence Coriolanus banished!
Write a sentence Banished, sir.
Write a sentence You will be welcome with this intelligence, Nicanor.
Write a sentence The day serves well for them now. I have heard it
Write a sentence He cannot choose. I am most fortunate, thus
Write a sentence I shall, between this and supper, tell you most
Write a sentence A most royal one; the centurions and their charges,
Write a sentence I am joyful to hear of their readiness, and am the
Write a sentence You take my part from me, sir; I have the most cause
Write a sentence Well, let us go together.
Write a sentence A goodly city is this Antium. City,
Write a sentence And you.
Write a sentence Direct me, if it be your will,
Write a sentence He is, and feasts the nobles of the state
Write a sentence Which is his house, beseech you?
Write a sentence This, here before you.
Write a sentence Thank you, sir: farewell.
Write a sentence Wine, wine, wine! What service
Write a sentence Where's Cotus? my master calls
Write a sentence A goodly house: the feast smells well; but I
Write a sentence What would you have, friend? whence are you?
Write a sentence I have deserved no better entertainment,
Write a sentence Whence are you, sir? Has the porter his eyes in his
Write a sentence Away!
Write a sentence Away! get you away.
Write a sentence Now thou'rt troublesome.
Write a sentence Are you so brave? I'll have you talked with anon.
Write a sentence What fellow's this?
Write a sentence A strange one as ever I looked on: I cannot get him
Write a sentence What have you to do here, fellow? Pray you, avoid
Write a sentence Let me but stand; I will not hurt your hearth.
Write a sentence What are you?
Write a sentence A gentleman.
Write a sentence A marvellous poor one.
Write a sentence True, so I am.
Write a sentence Pray you, poor gentleman, take up some other
Write a sentence Follow your function, go, and batten on cold bits.
Write a sentence What, you will not? Prithee, tell my master what a
Write a sentence And I shall.
Write a sentence Where dwellest thou?
Write a sentence Under the canopy.
Write a sentence Under the canopy!
Write a sentence Ay.
Write a sentence Where's that?
Write a sentence I' the city of kites and crows.
Write a sentence I' the city of kites and crows! What an ass it is!
Write a sentence No, I serve not thy master.
Write a sentence How, sir! do you meddle with my master?
Write a sentence Ay; 'tis an honester service than to meddle with thy
Write a sentence Where is this fellow?
Write a sentence Here, sir: I'ld have beaten him like a dog, but for
Write a sentence Whence comest thou? what wouldst thou? thy name?
Write a sentence If, Tullus,
Write a sentence What is thy name?
Write a sentence A name unmusical to the Volscians' ears,
Write a sentence Say, what's thy name?
Write a sentence Prepare thy brow to frown: know'st
Write a sentence I know thee not: thy name?
Write a sentence My name is Caius Marcius, who hath done
Write a sentence O Marcius, Marcius!
Write a sentence You bless me, gods!
Write a sentence Therefore, most absolute sir, if thou wilt have
Write a sentence Here's a strange alteration!
Write a sentence By my hand, I had thought to have strucken him with
Write a sentence What an arm he has! he turned me about with his
Write a sentence Nay, I knew by his face that there was something in
Write a sentence He had so; looking as it were--would I were hanged,
Write a sentence So did I, I'll be sworn: he is simply the rarest
Write a sentence I think he is: but a greater soldier than he you wot on.
Write a sentence Who, my master?
Write a sentence Nay, it's no matter for that.
Write a sentence Worth six on him.
Write a sentence Nay, not so neither: but I take him to be the
Write a sentence Faith, look you, one cannot tell how to say that:
Write a sentence Ay, and for an assault too.
Write a sentence O slaves, I can tell you news,-- news, you rascals!
Write a sentence What, what, what? let's partake.
Write a sentence I would not be a Roman, of all nations; I had as
Write a sentence Wherefore? wherefore?
Write a sentence Why, here's he that was wont to thwack our general,
Write a sentence Why do you say 'thwack our general '?
Write a sentence I do not say 'thwack our general;' but he was always
Write a sentence Come, we are fellows and friends: he was ever too
Write a sentence He was too hard for him directly, to say the troth
Write a sentence An he had been cannibally given, he might have
Write a sentence But, more of thy news?
Write a sentence Why, he is so made on here within, as if he were son
Write a sentence And he's as like to do't as any man I can imagine.
Write a sentence Do't! he will do't; for, look you, sir, he has as
Write a sentence Directitude! what's that?
Write a sentence But when they shall see, sir, his crest up again,
Write a sentence But when goes this forward?
Write a sentence To-morrow; to-day; presently; you shall have the
Write a sentence Why, then we shall have a stirring world again.
Write a sentence Let me have war, say I; it exceeds peace as far as
Write a sentence 'Tis so: and as war, in some sort, may be said to
Write a sentence Ay, and it makes men hate one another.
Write a sentence Reason; because they then less need one another.
Write a sentence In, in, in, in!
Write a sentence We hear not of him, neither need we fear him;
Write a sentence We stood to't in good time.
Write a sentence 'Tis he,'tis he: O, he is grown most kind of late.
Write a sentence Hail sir!
Write a sentence Hail to you both!
Write a sentence Your Coriolanus
Write a sentence All's well; and might have been much better, if
Write a sentence Where is he, hear you?
Write a sentence Nay, I hear nothing: his mother and his wife
Write a sentence The gods preserve you both!
Write a sentence God-den, our neighbours.
Write a sentence God-den to you all, god-den to you all.
Write a sentence Ourselves, our wives, and children, on our knees,
Write a sentence Live, and thrive!
Write a sentence Farewell, kind neighbours: we wish'd Coriolanus
Write a sentence Now the gods keep you!
Write a sentence Farewell, farewell.
Write a sentence This is a happier and more comely time
Write a sentence Caius Marcius was
Write a sentence And affecting one sole throne,
Write a sentence I think not so.
Write a sentence We should by this, to all our lamentation,
Write a sentence The gods have well prevented it, and Rome
Write a sentence Worthy tribunes,
Write a sentence 'Tis Aufidius,
Write a sentence Come, what talk you
Write a sentence Go see this rumourer whipp'd. It cannot be
Write a sentence Cannot be!
Write a sentence Tell not me:
Write a sentence Not possible.
Write a sentence The nobles in great earnestness are going
Write a sentence 'Tis this slave;--
Write a sentence Yes, worthy sir,
Write a sentence What more fearful?
Write a sentence It is spoke freely out of many mouths--
Write a sentence This is most likely!
Write a sentence Raised only, that the weaker sort may wish
Write a sentence The very trick on't.
Write a sentence This is unlikely:
Write a sentence You are sent for to the senate:
Write a sentence O, you have made good work!
Write a sentence What news? what news?
Write a sentence You have holp to ravish your own daughters and
Write a sentence What's the news? what's the news?
Write a sentence Your temples burned in their cement, and
Write a sentence Pray now, your news?
Write a sentence If!
Write a sentence You have made good work,
Write a sentence He will shake
Write a sentence As Hercules
Write a sentence But is this true, sir?
Write a sentence Ay; and you'll look pale
Write a sentence We are all undone, unless
Write a sentence Who shall ask it?
Write a sentence 'Tis true:
Write a sentence You have brought
Write a sentence Say not we brought it.
Write a sentence How! Was it we? we loved him but, like beasts
Write a sentence But I fear
Write a sentence Here come the clusters.
Write a sentence Faith, we hear fearful news.
Write a sentence For mine own part,
Write a sentence And so did I.
Write a sentence And so did I; and, to say the truth, so did very
Write a sentence Ye re goodly things, you voices!
Write a sentence You have made
Write a sentence O, ay, what else?
Write a sentence Go, masters, get you home; be not dismay'd:
Write a sentence The gods be good to us! Come, masters, let's home.
Write a sentence So did we all. But, come, let's home.
Write a sentence I do not like this news.
Write a sentence Nor I.
Write a sentence Let's to the Capitol. Would half my wealth
Write a sentence Pray, let us go.
Write a sentence Do they still fly to the Roman?
Write a sentence I do not know what witchcraft's in him, but
Write a sentence I cannot help it now,
Write a sentence Yet I wish, sir,--
Write a sentence I understand thee well; and be thou sure,
Write a sentence Sir, I beseech you, think you he'll carry Rome?
Write a sentence All places yield to him ere he sits down;
Write a sentence No, I'll not go: you hear what he hath said
Write a sentence He would not seem to know me.
Write a sentence Do you hear?
Write a sentence Yet one time he did call me by my name:
Write a sentence Why, so: you have made good work!
Write a sentence I minded him how royal 'twas to pardon
Write a sentence Very well:
Write a sentence I offer'd to awaken his regard
Write a sentence For one poor grain or two!
Write a sentence Nay, pray, be patient: if you refuse your aid
Write a sentence No, I'll not meddle.
Write a sentence Pray you, go to him.
Write a sentence What should I do?
Write a sentence Only make trial what your love can do
Write a sentence Well, and say that Marcius
Write a sentence Yet your good will
Write a sentence I'll undertake 't:
Write a sentence You know the very road into his kindness,
Write a sentence Good faith, I'll prove him,
Write a sentence He'll never hear him.
Write a sentence Not?
Write a sentence I tell you, he does sit in gold, his eye
Write a sentence Stay: whence are you?
Write a sentence Stand, and go back.
Write a sentence You guard like men; 'tis well: but, by your leave,
Write a sentence From whence?
Write a sentence From Rome.
Write a sentence You may not pass, you must return: our general
Write a sentence You'll see your Rome embraced with fire before
Write a sentence Good my friends,
Write a sentence Be it so; go back: the virtue of your name
Write a sentence I tell thee, fellow,
Write a sentence Faith, sir, if you had told as many lies in his
Write a sentence Prithee, fellow, remember my name is Menenius,
Write a sentence Howsoever you have been his liar, as you say you
Write a sentence Has he dined, canst thou tell? for I would not
Write a sentence You are a Roman, are you?
Write a sentence I am, as thy general is.
Write a sentence Then you should hate Rome, as he does. Can you,
Write a sentence Sirrah, if thy captain knew I were here, he would
Write a sentence Come, my captain knows you not.
Write a sentence I mean, thy general.
Write a sentence My general cares not for you. Back, I say, go; lest
Write a sentence Nay, but, fellow, fellow,--
Write a sentence What's the matter?
Write a sentence Now, you companion, I'll say an errand for you:
Write a sentence Away!
Write a sentence How! away!
Write a sentence Wife, mother, child, I know not. My affairs
Write a sentence You keep a constant temper.
Write a sentence Now, sir, is your name Menenius?
Write a sentence 'Tis a spell, you see, of much power: you know the
Write a sentence Do you hear how we are shent for keeping your
Write a sentence What cause, do you think, I have to swoon?
Write a sentence I neither care for the world nor your general: for
Write a sentence A noble fellow, I warrant him.
Write a sentence The worthy fellow is our general: he's the rock, the
Write a sentence We will before the walls of Rome tomorrow
Write a sentence Only their ends
Write a sentence This last old man,
Write a sentence My lord and husband!
Write a sentence These eyes are not the same I wore in Rome.
Write a sentence The sorrow that delivers us thus changed
Write a sentence Like a dull actor now,
Write a sentence O, stand up blest!
Write a sentence What is this?
Write a sentence Thou art my warrior;
Write a sentence The noble sister of Publicola,
Write a sentence This is a poor epitome of yours,
Write a sentence The god of soldiers,
Write a sentence Your knee, sirrah.
Write a sentence That's my brave boy!
Write a sentence Even he, your wife, this lady, and myself,
Write a sentence I beseech you, peace:
Write a sentence O, no more, no more!
Write a sentence Aufidius, and you Volsces, mark; for we'll
Write a sentence Should we be silent and not speak, our raiment
Write a sentence Ay, and mine,
Write a sentence A' shall not tread on me;
Write a sentence Not of a woman's tenderness to be,
Write a sentence Nay, go not from us thus.
Write a sentence O mother, mother!
Write a sentence I was moved withal.
Write a sentence I dare be sworn you were:
Write a sentence Ay, by and by;
Write a sentence See you yond coign o' the Capitol, yond
Write a sentence Why, what of that?
Write a sentence If it be possible for you to displace it with your
Write a sentence Is't possible that so short a time can alter the
Write a sentence There is differency between a grub and a butterfly;
Write a sentence He loved his mother dearly.
Write a sentence So did he me: and he no more remembers his mother
Write a sentence Yes, mercy, if you report him truly.
Write a sentence I paint him in the character. Mark what mercy his
Write a sentence The gods be good unto us!
Write a sentence No, in such a case the gods will not be good unto
Write a sentence Sir, if you'ld save your life, fly to your house:
Write a sentence What's the news?
Write a sentence Good news, good news; the ladies have prevail'd,
Write a sentence Friend,
Write a sentence As certain as I know the sun is fire:
Write a sentence This is good news:
Write a sentence First, the gods bless you for your tidings; next,
Write a sentence Sir, we have all
Write a sentence They are near the city?
Write a sentence Almost at point to enter.
Write a sentence We will meet them,
Write a sentence Behold our patroness, the life of Rome!
Write a sentence Welcome, ladies, Welcome!
Write a sentence Go tell the lords o' the city I am here:
Write a sentence How is it with our general?
Write a sentence Even so
Write a sentence Most noble sir,
Write a sentence Sir, I cannot tell:
Write a sentence The people will remain uncertain whilst
Write a sentence I know it;
Write a sentence Sir, his stoutness
Write a sentence That I would have spoke of:
Write a sentence So he did, my lord:
Write a sentence There was it:
Write a sentence Your native town you enter'd like a post,
Write a sentence And patient fools,
Write a sentence Therefore, at your vantage,
Write a sentence Say no more:
Write a sentence You are most welcome home.
Write a sentence I have not deserved it.
Write a sentence We have.
Write a sentence And grieve to hear't.
Write a sentence He approaches: you shall hear him.
Write a sentence Hail, lords! I am return'd your soldier,
Write a sentence Read it not, noble lords;
Write a sentence Traitor! how now!
Write a sentence Ay, traitor, Marcius!
Write a sentence Marcius!
Write a sentence Ay, Marcius, Caius Marcius: dost thou think
Write a sentence Hear'st thou, Mars?
Write a sentence Name not the god, thou boy of tears!
Write a sentence Ha!
Write a sentence No more.
Write a sentence Measureless liar, thou hast made my heart
Write a sentence Peace, both, and hear me speak.
Write a sentence Cut me to pieces, Volsces; men and lads,
Write a sentence Why, noble lords,
Write a sentence Let him die for't.
Write a sentence 'Tear him to pieces.' 'Do it presently.' 'He kill'd
Write a sentence Peace, ho! no outrage: peace!
Write a sentence O that I had him,
Write a sentence Insolent villain!
Write a sentence Kill, kill, kill, kill, kill him!
Write a sentence Hold, hold, hold, hold!
Write a sentence My noble masters, hear me speak.
Write a sentence O Tullus,--
Write a sentence Thou hast done a deed whereat valour will weep.
Write a sentence Tread not upon him. Masters all, be quiet;
Write a sentence My lords, when you shall know--as in this rage,
Write a sentence Bear from hence his body;
Write a sentence His own impatience
Write a sentence My rage is gone;
Write a sentence Now is the winter of our discontent
Write a sentence His majesty
Write a sentence Upon what cause?
Write a sentence Because my name is George.
Write a sentence Alack, my lord, that fault is none of yours;
Write a sentence Yea, Richard, when I know; for I protest
Write a sentence Why, this it is, when men are ruled by women:
Write a sentence By heaven, I think there's no man is secure
Write a sentence Humbly complaining to her deity
Write a sentence I beseech your graces both to pardon me;
Write a sentence Even so; an't please your worship, Brakenbury,
Write a sentence With this, my lord, myself have nought to do.
Write a sentence Naught to do with mistress Shore! I tell thee, fellow,
Write a sentence What one, my lord?
Write a sentence Her husband, knave: wouldst thou betray me?
Write a sentence I beseech your grace to pardon me, and withal
Write a sentence We know thy charge, Brakenbury, and will obey.
Write a sentence We are the queen's abjects, and must obey.
Write a sentence I know it pleaseth neither of us well.
Write a sentence Well, your imprisonment shall not be long;
Write a sentence I must perforce. Farewell.
Write a sentence Go, tread the path that thou shalt ne'er return.
Write a sentence Good time of day unto my gracious lord!
Write a sentence As much unto my good lord chamberlain!
Write a sentence With patience, noble lord, as prisoners must:
Write a sentence No doubt, no doubt; and so shall Clarence too;
Write a sentence More pity that the eagle should be mew'd,
Write a sentence What news abroad?
Write a sentence No news so bad abroad as this at home;
Write a sentence Now, by Saint Paul, this news is bad indeed.
Write a sentence He is.
Write a sentence Go you before, and I will follow you.
Write a sentence Set down, set down your honourable load,
Write a sentence Stay, you that bear the corse, and set it down.
Write a sentence What black magician conjures up this fiend,
Write a sentence Villains, set down the corse; or, by Saint Paul,
Write a sentence My lord, stand back, and let the coffin pass.
Write a sentence Unmanner'd dog! stand thou, when I command:
Write a sentence What, do you tremble? are you all afraid?
Write a sentence Sweet saint, for charity, be not so curst.
Write a sentence Foul devil, for God's sake, hence, and trouble us not;
Write a sentence Lady, you know no rules of charity,
Write a sentence Villain, thou know'st no law of God nor man:
Write a sentence But I know none, and therefore am no beast.
Write a sentence O wonderful, when devils tell the truth!
Write a sentence More wonderful, when angels are so angry.
Write a sentence Vouchsafe, defused infection of a man,
Write a sentence Fairer than tongue can name thee, let me have
Write a sentence Fouler than heart can think thee, thou canst make
Write a sentence By such despair, I should accuse myself.
Write a sentence And, by despairing, shouldst thou stand excused;
Write a sentence Say that I slew them not?
Write a sentence Why, then they are not dead:
Write a sentence I did not kill your husband.
Write a sentence Why, then he is alive.
Write a sentence Nay, he is dead; and slain by Edward's hand.
Write a sentence In thy foul throat thou liest: Queen Margaret saw
Write a sentence I was provoked by her slanderous tongue,
Write a sentence Thou wast provoked by thy bloody mind.
Write a sentence I grant ye.
Write a sentence Dost grant me, hedgehog? then, God grant me too
Write a sentence The fitter for the King of heaven, that hath him.
Write a sentence He is in heaven, where thou shalt never come.
Write a sentence Let him thank me, that holp to send him thither;
Write a sentence And thou unfit for any place but hell.
Write a sentence Yes, one place else, if you will hear me name it.
Write a sentence Some dungeon.
Write a sentence Your bed-chamber.
Write a sentence I'll rest betide the chamber where thou liest!
Write a sentence So will it, madam till I lie with you.
Write a sentence I hope so.
Write a sentence I know so. But, gentle Lady Anne,
Write a sentence Thou art the cause, and most accursed effect.
Write a sentence Your beauty was the cause of that effect;
Write a sentence If I thought that, I tell thee, homicide,
Write a sentence These eyes could never endure sweet beauty's wreck;
Write a sentence Black night o'ershade thy day, and death thy life!
Write a sentence Curse not thyself, fair creature thou art both.
Write a sentence I would I were, to be revenged on thee.
Write a sentence It is a quarrel most unnatural,
Write a sentence It is a quarrel just and reasonable,
Write a sentence He that bereft thee, lady, of thy husband,
Write a sentence His better doth not breathe upon the earth.
Write a sentence He lives that loves thee better than he could.
Write a sentence Name him.
Write a sentence Plantagenet.
Write a sentence Why, that was he.
Write a sentence The selfsame name, but one of better nature.
Write a sentence Where is he?
Write a sentence Here.
Write a sentence Would it were mortal poison, for thy sake!
Write a sentence Never came poison from so sweet a place.
Write a sentence Never hung poison on a fouler toad.
Write a sentence Thine eyes, sweet lady, have infected mine.
Write a sentence Would they were basilisks, to strike thee dead!
Write a sentence I would they were, that I might die at once;
Write a sentence Arise, dissembler: though I wish thy death,
Write a sentence Then bid me kill myself, and I will do it.
Write a sentence I have already.
Write a sentence Tush, that was in thy rage:
Write a sentence I would I knew thy heart.
Write a sentence 'Tis figured in my tongue.
Write a sentence I fear me both are false.
Write a sentence Then never man was true.
Write a sentence Well, well, put up your sword.
Write a sentence Say, then, my peace is made.
Write a sentence That shall you know hereafter.
Write a sentence But shall I live in hope?
Write a sentence All men, I hope, live so.
Write a sentence Vouchsafe to wear this ring.
Write a sentence To take is not to give.
Write a sentence Look, how this ring encompasseth finger.
Write a sentence What is it?
Write a sentence That it would please thee leave these sad designs
Write a sentence With all my heart; and much it joys me too,
Write a sentence Bid me farewell.
Write a sentence 'Tis more than you deserve;
Write a sentence Sirs, take up the corse.
Write a sentence Towards Chertsey, noble lord?
Write a sentence No, to White-Friars; there attend my coining.
Write a sentence Have patience, madam: there's no doubt his majesty
Write a sentence In that you brook it in, it makes him worse:
Write a sentence If he were dead, what would betide of me?
Write a sentence No other harm but loss of such a lord.
Write a sentence The loss of such a lord includes all harm.
Write a sentence The heavens have bless'd you with a goodly son,
Write a sentence Oh, he is young and his minority
Write a sentence Is it concluded that he shall be protector?
Write a sentence It is determined, not concluded yet:
Write a sentence Here come the lords of Buckingham and Derby.
Write a sentence Good time of day unto your royal grace!
Write a sentence God make your majesty joyful as you have been!
Write a sentence The Countess Richmond, good my Lord of Derby.
Write a sentence I do beseech you, either not believe
Write a sentence Saw you the king to-day, my Lord of Derby?
Write a sentence But now the Duke of Buckingham and I
Write a sentence What likelihood of his amendment, lords?
Write a sentence Madam, good hope; his grace speaks cheerfully.
Write a sentence God grant him health! Did you confer with him?
Write a sentence Madam, we did: he desires to make atonement
Write a sentence Would all were well! but that will never be
Write a sentence They do me wrong, and I will not endure it:
Write a sentence To whom in all this presence speaks your grace?
Write a sentence To thee, that hast nor honesty nor grace.
Write a sentence Brother of Gloucester, you mistake the matter.
Write a sentence I cannot tell: the world is grown so bad,
Write a sentence Come, come, we know your meaning, brother
Write a sentence Meantime, God grants that we have need of you:
Write a sentence By Him that raised me to this careful height
Write a sentence You may deny that you were not the cause
Write a sentence She may, my lord, for--
Write a sentence She may, Lord Rivers! why, who knows not so?
Write a sentence What, marry, may she?
Write a sentence What, marry, may she! marry with a king,
Write a sentence My Lord of Gloucester, I have too long borne
Write a sentence And lessen'd be that small, God, I beseech thee!
Write a sentence What! threat you me with telling of the king?
Write a sentence Out, devil! I remember them too well:
Write a sentence Ere you were queen, yea, or your husband king,
Write a sentence Yea, and much better blood than his or thine.
Write a sentence In all which time you and your husband Grey
Write a sentence A murderous villain, and so still thou art.
Write a sentence Poor Clarence did forsake his father, Warwick;
Write a sentence Which God revenge!
Write a sentence To fight on Edward's party for the crown;
Write a sentence Hie thee to hell for shame, and leave the world,
Write a sentence My Lord of Gloucester, in those busy days
Write a sentence If I should be! I had rather be a pedlar:
Write a sentence As little joy, my lord, as you suppose
Write a sentence A little joy enjoys the queen thereof;
Write a sentence Foul wrinkled witch, what makest thou in my sight?
Write a sentence But repetition of what thou hast marr'd;
Write a sentence Wert thou not banished on pain of death?
Write a sentence I was; but I do find more pain in banishment
Write a sentence The curse my noble father laid on thee,
Write a sentence So just is God, to right the innocent.
Write a sentence O, 'twas the foulest deed to slay that babe,
Write a sentence Tyrants themselves wept when it was reported.
Write a sentence No man but prophesied revenge for it.
Write a sentence Northumberland, then present, wept to see it.
Write a sentence What were you snarling all before I came,
Write a sentence Have done thy charm, thou hateful wither'd hag!
Write a sentence And leave out thee? stay, dog, for thou shalt hear me.
Write a sentence Margaret.
Write a sentence Richard!
Write a sentence Ha!
Write a sentence I call thee not.
Write a sentence I cry thee mercy then, for I had thought
Write a sentence Why, so I did; but look'd for no reply.
Write a sentence 'Tis done by me, and ends in 'Margaret.'
Write a sentence Thus have you breathed your curse against yourself.
Write a sentence Poor painted queen, vain flourish of my fortune!
Write a sentence False-boding woman, end thy frantic curse,
Write a sentence Foul shame upon you! you have all moved mine.
Write a sentence Were you well served, you would be taught your duty.
Write a sentence To serve me well, you all should do me duty,
Write a sentence Dispute not with her; she is lunatic.
Write a sentence Peace, master marquess, you are malapert:
Write a sentence Good counsel, marry: learn it, learn it, marquess.
Write a sentence It toucheth you, my lord, as much as me.
Write a sentence Yea, and much more: but I was born so high,
Write a sentence And turns the sun to shade; alas! alas!
Write a sentence Have done! for shame, if not for charity.
Write a sentence Urge neither charity nor shame to me:
Write a sentence Have done, have done.
Write a sentence O princely Buckingham I'll kiss thy hand,
Write a sentence Nor no one here; for curses never pass
Write a sentence I'll not believe but they ascend the sky,
Write a sentence What doth she say, my Lord of Buckingham?
Write a sentence Nothing that I respect, my gracious lord.
Write a sentence What, dost thou scorn me for my gentle counsel?
Write a sentence My hair doth stand on end to hear her curses.
Write a sentence And so doth mine: I muse why she's at liberty.
Write a sentence I cannot blame her: by God's holy mother,
Write a sentence I never did her any, to my knowledge.
Write a sentence But you have all the vantage of her wrong.
Write a sentence A virtuous and a Christian-like conclusion,
Write a sentence So do I ever:
Write a sentence Madam, his majesty doth call for you,
Write a sentence Catesby, we come. Lords, will you go with us?
Write a sentence Madam, we will attend your grace.
Write a sentence I do the wrong, and first begin to brawl.
Write a sentence We are, my lord; and come to have the warrant
Write a sentence Well thought upon; I have it here about me.
Write a sentence Tush!
Write a sentence Your eyes drop millstones, when fools' eyes drop tears:
Write a sentence We will, my noble lord.
Write a sentence Why looks your grace so heavily today?
Write a sentence O, I have pass'd a miserable night,
Write a sentence What was your dream? I long to hear you tell it.
Write a sentence Methoughts that I had broken from the Tower,
Write a sentence Had you such leisure in the time of death
Write a sentence Methought I had; and often did I strive
Write a sentence Awaked you not with this sore agony?
Write a sentence O, no, my dream was lengthen'd after life;
Write a sentence No marvel, my lord, though it affrighted you;
Write a sentence O Brakenbury, I have done those things,
Write a sentence I will, my lord: God give your grace good rest!
Write a sentence Ho! who's here?
Write a sentence In God's name what are you, and how came you hither?
Write a sentence I would speak with Clarence, and I came hither on my legs.
Write a sentence Yea, are you so brief?
Write a sentence O sir, it is better to be brief than tedious. Show
Write a sentence I am, in this, commanded to deliver
Write a sentence Do so, it is a point of wisdom: fare you well.
Write a sentence What, shall we stab him as he sleeps?
Write a sentence No; then he will say 'twas done cowardly, when he wakes.
Write a sentence When he wakes! why, fool, he shall never wake till
Write a sentence Why, then he will say we stabbed him sleeping.
Write a sentence The urging of that word 'judgment' hath bred a kind
Write a sentence What, art thou afraid?
Write a sentence Not to kill him, having a warrant for it; but to be
Write a sentence I thought thou hadst been resolute.
Write a sentence So I am, to let him live.
Write a sentence Back to the Duke of Gloucester, tell him so.
Write a sentence I pray thee, stay a while: I hope my holy humour
Write a sentence How dost thou feel thyself now?
Write a sentence 'Faith, some certain dregs of conscience are yet
Write a sentence Remember our reward, when the deed is done.
Write a sentence 'Zounds, he dies: I had forgot the reward.
Write a sentence Where is thy conscience now?
Write a sentence In the Duke of Gloucester's purse.
Write a sentence So when he opens his purse to give us our reward,
Write a sentence Let it go; there's few or none will entertain it.
Write a sentence How if it come to thee again?
Write a sentence I'll not meddle with it: it is a dangerous thing: it
Write a sentence 'Zounds, it is even now at my elbow, persuading me
Write a sentence Take the devil in thy mind, and relieve him not: he
Write a sentence Tut, I am strong-framed, he cannot prevail with me,
Write a sentence Spoke like a tail fellow that respects his
Write a sentence Take him over the costard with the hilts of thy
Write a sentence O excellent devise! make a sop of him.
Write a sentence Hark! he stirs: shall I strike?
Write a sentence No, first let's reason with him.
Write a sentence Where art thou, keeper? give me a cup of wine.
Write a sentence You shall have wine enough, my lord, anon.
Write a sentence In God's name, what art thou?
Write a sentence A man, as you are.
Write a sentence But not, as I am, royal.
Write a sentence Nor you, as we are, loyal.
Write a sentence Thy voice is thunder, but thy looks are humble.
Write a sentence My voice is now the king's, my looks mine own.
Write a sentence How darkly and how deadly dost thou speak!
Write a sentence To, to, to--
Write a sentence To murder me?
Write a sentence Ay, ay.
Write a sentence You scarcely have the hearts to tell me so,
Write a sentence Offended us you have not, but the king.
Write a sentence I shall be reconciled to him again.
Write a sentence Never, my lord; therefore prepare to die.
Write a sentence Are you call'd forth from out a world of men
Write a sentence What we will do, we do upon command.
Write a sentence And he that hath commanded is the king.
Write a sentence Erroneous vassal! the great King of kings
Write a sentence And that same vengeance doth he hurl on thee,
Write a sentence And, like a traitor to the name of God,
Write a sentence Whom thou wert sworn to cherish and defend.
Write a sentence How canst thou urge God's dreadful law to us,
Write a sentence Alas! for whose sake did I that ill deed?
Write a sentence Who made thee, then, a bloody minister,
Write a sentence My brother's love, the devil, and my rage.
Write a sentence Thy brother's love, our duty, and thy fault,
Write a sentence Oh, if you love my brother, hate not me;
Write a sentence You are deceived, your brother Gloucester hates you.
Write a sentence O, no, he loves me, and he holds me dear:
Write a sentence Ay, so we will.
Write a sentence Tell him, when that our princely father York
Write a sentence Ay, millstones; as be lesson'd us to weep.
Write a sentence O, do not slander him, for he is kind.
Write a sentence Right,
Write a sentence It cannot be; for when I parted with him,
Write a sentence Why, so he doth, now he delivers thee
Write a sentence Make peace with God, for you must die, my lord.
Write a sentence Hast thou that holy feeling in thy soul,
Write a sentence What shall we do?
Write a sentence Relent, and save your souls.
Write a sentence Relent! 'tis cowardly and womanish.
Write a sentence Not to relent is beastly, savage, devilish.
Write a sentence Look behind you, my lord.
Write a sentence Take that, and that: if all this will not do,
Write a sentence A bloody deed, and desperately dispatch'd!
Write a sentence How now! what mean'st thou, that thou help'st me not?
Write a sentence I would he knew that I had saved his brother!
Write a sentence So do not I: go, coward as thou art.
Write a sentence Why, so: now have I done a good day's work:
Write a sentence By heaven, my heart is purged from grudging hate:
Write a sentence So thrive I, as I truly swear the like!
Write a sentence Take heed you dally not before your king;
Write a sentence So prosper I, as I swear perfect love!
Write a sentence And I, as I love Hastings with my heart!
Write a sentence Madam, yourself are not exempt in this,
Write a sentence Here, Hastings; I will never more remember
Write a sentence Dorset, embrace him; Hastings, love lord marquess.
Write a sentence This interchange of love, I here protest,
Write a sentence And so swear I, my lord
Write a sentence Now, princely Buckingham, seal thou this league
Write a sentence Whenever Buckingham doth turn his hate
Write a sentence A pleasing cordial, princely Buckingham,
Write a sentence And, in good time, here comes the noble duke.
Write a sentence Good morrow to my sovereign king and queen:
Write a sentence Happy, indeed, as we have spent the day.
Write a sentence A blessed labour, my most sovereign liege:
Write a sentence A holy day shall this be kept hereafter:
Write a sentence Why, madam, have I offer'd love for this
Write a sentence Who knows not he is dead! who knows he is?
Write a sentence All seeing heaven, what a world is this!
Write a sentence Look I so pale, Lord Dorset, as the rest?
Write a sentence Ay, my good lord; and no one in this presence
Write a sentence Is Clarence dead? the order was reversed.
Write a sentence But he, poor soul, by your first order died,
Write a sentence A boon, my sovereign, for my service done!
Write a sentence I pray thee, peace: my soul is full of sorrow.
Write a sentence I will not rise, unless your highness grant.
Write a sentence Then speak at once what is it thou demand'st.
Write a sentence The forfeit, sovereign, of my servant's life;
Write a sentence Have a tongue to doom my brother's death,
Write a sentence This is the fruit of rashness! Mark'd you not
Write a sentence We wait upon your grace.
Write a sentence Tell me, good grandam, is our father dead?
Write a sentence No, boy.
Write a sentence Why do you wring your hands, and beat your breast,
Write a sentence Why do you look on us, and shake your head,
Write a sentence My pretty cousins, you mistake me much;
Write a sentence Then, grandam, you conclude that he is dead.
Write a sentence And so will I.
Write a sentence Peace, children, peace! the king doth love you well:
Write a sentence Grandam, we can; for my good uncle Gloucester
Write a sentence Oh, that deceit should steal such gentle shapes,
Write a sentence Think you my uncle did dissemble, grandam?
Write a sentence Ay, boy.
Write a sentence I cannot think it. Hark! what noise is this?
Write a sentence Oh, who shall hinder me to wail and weep,
Write a sentence What means this scene of rude impatience?
Write a sentence To make an act of tragic violence:
Write a sentence Ah, so much interest have I in thy sorrow
Write a sentence Good aunt, you wept not for our father's death;
Write a sentence Our fatherless distress was left unmoan'd;
Write a sentence Give me no help in lamentation;
Write a sentence Oh for our father, for our dear lord Clarence!
Write a sentence Alas for both, both mine, Edward and Clarence!
Write a sentence What stay had I but Edward? and he's gone.
Write a sentence What stay had we but Clarence? and he's gone.
Write a sentence What stays had I but they? and they are gone.
Write a sentence Was never widow had so dear a loss!
Write a sentence Were never orphans had so dear a loss!
Write a sentence Was never mother had so dear a loss!
Write a sentence Comfort, dear mother: God is much displeased
Write a sentence Madam, bethink you, like a careful mother,
Write a sentence Madam, have comfort: all of us have cause
Write a sentence God bless thee; and put meekness in thy mind,
Write a sentence You cloudy princes and heart-sorrowing peers,
Write a sentence Why with some little train, my Lord of Buckingham?
Write a sentence Marry, my lord, lest, by a multitude,
Write a sentence I hope the king made peace with all of us
Write a sentence And so in me; and so, I think, in all:
Write a sentence And so say I.
Write a sentence Then be it so; and go we to determine
Write a sentence With all our harts.
Write a sentence My lord, whoever journeys to the Prince,
Write a sentence My other self, my counsel's consistory,
Write a sentence Neighbour, well met: whither away so fast?
Write a sentence I promise you, I scarcely know myself:
Write a sentence Ay, that the king is dead.
Write a sentence Bad news, by'r lady; seldom comes the better:
Write a sentence Neighbours, God speed!
Write a sentence Give you good morrow, sir.
Write a sentence Doth this news hold of good King Edward's death?
Write a sentence Ay, sir, it is too true; God help the while!
Write a sentence Then, masters, look to see a troublous world.
Write a sentence No, no; by God's good grace his son shall reign.
Write a sentence Woe to the land that's govern'd by a child!
Write a sentence In him there is a hope of government,
Write a sentence So stood the state when Henry the Sixth
Write a sentence Stood the state so? No, no, good friends, God wot;
Write a sentence Why, so hath this, both by the father and mother.
Write a sentence Better it were they all came by the father,
Write a sentence Come, come, we fear the worst; all shall be well.
Write a sentence When clouds appear, wise men put on their cloaks;
Write a sentence Truly, the souls of men are full of dread:
Write a sentence Before the times of change, still is it so:
Write a sentence Marry, we were sent for to the justices.
Write a sentence And so was I: I'll bear you company.
Write a sentence Last night, I hear, they lay at Northampton;
Write a sentence I long with all my heart to see the prince:
Write a sentence But I hear, no; they say my son of York
Write a sentence Ay, mother; but I would not have it so.
Write a sentence Why, my young cousin, it is good to grow.
Write a sentence Grandam, one night, as we did sit at supper,
Write a sentence Good faith, good faith, the saying did not hold
Write a sentence Why, madam, so, no doubt, he is.
Write a sentence I hope he is; but yet let mothers doubt.
Write a sentence Now, by my troth, if I had been remember'd,
Write a sentence How, my pretty York? I pray thee, let me hear it.
Write a sentence Marry, they say my uncle grew so fast
Write a sentence I pray thee, pretty York, who told thee this?
Write a sentence Grandam, his nurse.
Write a sentence His nurse! why, she was dead ere thou wert born.
Write a sentence If 'twere not she, I cannot tell who told me.
Write a sentence A parlous boy: go to, you are too shrewd.
Write a sentence Good madam, be not angry with the child.
Write a sentence Pitchers have ears.
Write a sentence Here comes a messenger. What news?
Write a sentence Such news, my lord, as grieves me to unfold.
Write a sentence How fares the prince?
Write a sentence Well, madam, and in health.
Write a sentence What is thy news then?
Write a sentence Lord Rivers and Lord Grey are sent to Pomfret,
Write a sentence Who hath committed them?
Write a sentence The mighty dukes
Write a sentence For what offence?
Write a sentence The sum of all I can, I have disclosed;
Write a sentence Ay me, I see the downfall of our house!
Write a sentence Accursed and unquiet wrangling days,
Write a sentence Come, come, my boy; we will to sanctuary.
Write a sentence I'll go along with you.
Write a sentence You have no cause.
Write a sentence My gracious lady, go;
Write a sentence Welcome, sweet prince, to London, to your chamber.
Write a sentence Welcome, dear cousin, my thoughts' sovereign
Write a sentence No, uncle; but our crosses on the way
Write a sentence Sweet prince, the untainted virtue of your years
Write a sentence God keep me from false friends! but they were none.
Write a sentence My lord, the mayor of London comes to greet you.
Write a sentence God bless your grace with health and happy days!
Write a sentence I thank you, good my lord; and thank you all.
Write a sentence And, in good time, here comes the sweating lord.
Write a sentence Welcome, my lord: what, will our mother come?
Write a sentence On what occasion, God he knows, not I,
Write a sentence Fie, what an indirect and peevish course
Write a sentence My Lord of Buckingham, if my weak oratory
Write a sentence You are too senseless--obstinate, my lord,
Write a sentence My lord, you shall o'er-rule my mind for once.
Write a sentence I go, my lord.
Write a sentence Good lords, make all the speedy haste you may.
Write a sentence Where it seems best unto your royal self.
Write a sentence I do not like the Tower, of any place.
Write a sentence He did, my gracious lord, begin that place;
Write a sentence Is it upon record, or else reported
Write a sentence Upon record, my gracious lord.
Write a sentence But say, my lord, it were not register'd,
Write a sentence What say you, uncle?
Write a sentence I say, without characters, fame lives long.
Write a sentence That Julius Caesar was a famous man;
Write a sentence What, my gracious lord?
Write a sentence An if I live until I be a man,
Write a sentence Now, in good time, here comes the Duke of York.
Write a sentence Richard of York! how fares our loving brother?
Write a sentence Well, my dread lord; so must I call you now.
Write a sentence Ay, brother, to our grief, as it is yours:
Write a sentence How fares our cousin, noble Lord of York?
Write a sentence I thank you, gentle uncle. O, my lord,
Write a sentence He hath, my lord.
Write a sentence And therefore is he idle?
Write a sentence O, my fair cousin, I must not say so.
Write a sentence Then is he more beholding to you than I.
Write a sentence He may command me as my sovereign;
Write a sentence I pray you, uncle, give me this dagger.
Write a sentence My dagger, little cousin? with all my heart.
Write a sentence A beggar, brother?
Write a sentence Of my kind uncle, that I know will give;
Write a sentence A greater gift than that I'll give my cousin.
Write a sentence A greater gift! O, that's the sword to it.
Write a sentence A gentle cousin, were it light enough.
Write a sentence O, then, I see, you will part but with light gifts;
Write a sentence It is too heavy for your grace to wear.
Write a sentence I weigh it lightly, were it heavier.
Write a sentence What, would you have my weapon, little lord?
Write a sentence I would, that I might thank you as you call me.
Write a sentence How?
Write a sentence Little.
Write a sentence My Lord of York will still be cross in talk:
Write a sentence You mean, to bear me, not to bear with me:
Write a sentence With what a sharp-provided wit he reasons!
Write a sentence My lord, will't please you pass along?
Write a sentence What, will you go unto the Tower, my lord?
Write a sentence My lord protector needs will have it so.
Write a sentence I shall not sleep in quiet at the Tower.
Write a sentence Why, what should you fear?
Write a sentence Marry, my uncle Clarence' angry ghost:
Write a sentence I fear no uncles dead.
Write a sentence Nor none that live, I hope.
Write a sentence An if they live, I hope I need not fear.
Write a sentence Think you, my lord, this little prating York
Write a sentence No doubt, no doubt; O, 'tis a parlous boy;
Write a sentence Well, let them rest. Come hither, Catesby.
Write a sentence He for his father's sake so loves the prince,
Write a sentence What think'st thou, then, of Stanley? what will he?
Write a sentence He will do all in all as Hastings doth.
Write a sentence Well, then, no more but this: go, gentle Catesby,
Write a sentence Commend me to Lord William: tell him, Catesby,
Write a sentence Good Catesby, go, effect this business soundly.
Write a sentence My good lords both, with all the heed I may.
Write a sentence Shall we hear from you, Catesby, ere we sleep?
Write a sentence You shall, my lord.
Write a sentence At Crosby Place, there shall you find us both.
Write a sentence Now, my lord, what shall we do, if we perceive
Write a sentence Chop off his head, man; somewhat we will do:
Write a sentence I'll claim that promise at your grace's hands.
Write a sentence And look to have it yielded with all willingness.
Write a sentence What, ho! my lord!
Write a sentence A messenger from the Lord Stanley.
Write a sentence What is't o'clock?
Write a sentence Upon the stroke of four.
Write a sentence Cannot thy master sleep these tedious nights?
Write a sentence So it should seem by that I have to say.
Write a sentence And then?
Write a sentence And then he sends you word
Write a sentence Go, fellow, go, return unto thy lord;
Write a sentence My gracious lord, I'll tell him what you say.
Write a sentence Many good morrows to my noble lord!
Write a sentence Good morrow, Catesby; you are early stirring
Write a sentence It is a reeling world, indeed, my lord;
Write a sentence How! wear the garland! dost thou mean the crown?
Write a sentence Ay, my good lord.
Write a sentence I'll have this crown of mine cut from my shoulders
Write a sentence Ay, on my life; and hopes to find forward
Write a sentence Indeed, I am no mourner for that news,
Write a sentence God keep your lordship in that gracious mind!
Write a sentence But I shall laugh at this a twelve-month hence,
Write a sentence What, my lord?
Write a sentence Ere a fortnight make me elder,
Write a sentence 'Tis a vile thing to die, my gracious lord,
Write a sentence O monstrous, monstrous! and so falls it out
Write a sentence The princes both make high account of you;
Write a sentence I know they do; and I have well deserved it.
Write a sentence My lord, good morrow; good morrow, Catesby:
Write a sentence My lord,
Write a sentence The lords at Pomfret, when they rode from London,
Write a sentence Come, come, have with you. Wot you what, my lord?
Write a sentence They, for their truth, might better wear their heads
Write a sentence Go on before; I'll talk with this good fellow.
Write a sentence The better that your lordship please to ask.
Write a sentence I tell thee, man, 'tis better with me now
Write a sentence God hold it, to your honour's good content!
Write a sentence Gramercy, fellow: there, drink that for me.
Write a sentence God save your lordship!
Write a sentence Well met, my lord; I am glad to see your honour.
Write a sentence I thank thee, good Sir John, with all my heart.
Write a sentence What, talking with a priest, lord chamberlain?
Write a sentence Good faith, and when I met this holy man,
Write a sentence I do, my lord; but long I shall not stay
Write a sentence 'Tis like enough, for I stay dinner there.
Write a sentence I'll wait upon your lordship.
Write a sentence Come, bring forth the prisoners.
Write a sentence Sir Richard Ratcliff, let me tell thee this:
Write a sentence God keep the prince from all the pack of you!
Write a sentence You live that shall cry woe for this after.
Write a sentence Dispatch; the limit of your lives is out.
Write a sentence O Pomfret, Pomfret! O thou bloody prison,
Write a sentence Now Margaret's curse is fall'n upon our heads,
Write a sentence Then cursed she Hastings, then cursed she Buckingham,
Write a sentence Make haste; the hour of death is expiate.
Write a sentence Come, Grey, come, Vaughan, let us all embrace:
Write a sentence My lords, at once: the cause why we are met
Write a sentence Are all things fitting for that royal time?
Write a sentence It is, and wants but nomination.
Write a sentence To-morrow, then, I judge a happy day.
Write a sentence Who knows the lord protector's mind herein?
Write a sentence Your grace, we think, should soonest know his mind.
Write a sentence Who, I, my lord I we know each other's faces,
Write a sentence I thank his grace, I know he loves me well;
Write a sentence Now in good time, here comes the duke himself.
Write a sentence My noble lords and cousins all, good morrow.
Write a sentence Had not you come upon your cue, my lord
Write a sentence Than my Lord Hastings no man might be bolder;
Write a sentence I thank your grace.
Write a sentence My lord of Ely!
Write a sentence My lord?
Write a sentence When I was last in Holborn,
Write a sentence Marry, and will, my lord, with all my heart.
Write a sentence Cousin of Buckingham, a word with you.
Write a sentence Withdraw you hence, my lord, I'll follow you.
Write a sentence We have not yet set down this day of triumph.
Write a sentence Where is my lord protector? I have sent for these
Write a sentence His grace looks cheerfully and smooth to-day;
Write a sentence What of his heart perceive you in his face
Write a sentence Marry, that with no man here he is offended;
Write a sentence I pray God he be not, I say.
Write a sentence I pray you all, tell me what they deserve
Write a sentence The tender love I bear your grace, my lord,
Write a sentence Then be your eyes the witness of this ill:
Write a sentence If they have done this thing, my gracious lord--
Write a sentence If I thou protector of this damned strumpet--
Write a sentence Woe, woe for England! not a whit for me;
Write a sentence Dispatch, my lord; the duke would be at dinner:
Write a sentence O momentary grace of mortal men,
Write a sentence Come, come, dispatch; 'tis bootless to exclaim.
Write a sentence O bloody Richard! miserable England!
Write a sentence Come, cousin, canst thou quake, and change thy colour,
Write a sentence Tut, I can counterfeit the deep tragedian;
Write a sentence He is; and, see, he brings the mayor along.
Write a sentence Lord mayor,--
Write a sentence Look to the drawbridge there!
Write a sentence Hark! a drum.
Write a sentence Catesby, o'erlook the walls.
Write a sentence Lord mayor, the reason we have sent--
Write a sentence Look back, defend thee, here are enemies.
Write a sentence God and our innocency defend and guard us!
Write a sentence Be patient, they are friends, Ratcliff and Lovel.
Write a sentence Here is the head of that ignoble traitor,
Write a sentence So dear I loved the man, that I must weep.
Write a sentence Well, well, he was the covert'st shelter'd traitor
Write a sentence What, had he so?
Write a sentence What, think You we are Turks or infidels?
Write a sentence Now, fair befall you! he deserved his death;
Write a sentence Yet had not we determined he should die,
Write a sentence But, my good lord, your grace's word shall serve,
Write a sentence And to that end we wish'd your lord-ship here,
Write a sentence But since you come too late of our intents,
Write a sentence Go, after, after, cousin Buckingham.
Write a sentence Fear not, my lord, I'll play the orator
Write a sentence If you thrive well, bring them to Baynard's Castle;
Write a sentence I go: and towards three or four o'clock
Write a sentence Go, Lovel, with all speed to Doctor Shaw;
Write a sentence This is the indictment of the good Lord Hastings;
Write a sentence How now, my lord, what say the citizens?
Write a sentence Now, by the holy mother of our Lord,
Write a sentence Touch'd you the bastardy of Edward's children?
Write a sentence I did; with his contract with Lady Lucy,
Write a sentence Ah! and did they so?
Write a sentence No, so God help me, they spake not a word;
Write a sentence What tongueless blocks were they! would not they speak?
Write a sentence No, by my troth, my lord.
Write a sentence Will not the mayor then and his brethren come?
Write a sentence The mayor is here at hand: intend some fear;
Write a sentence I go; and if you plead as well for them
Write a sentence Go, go, up to the leads; the lord mayor knocks.
Write a sentence My lord: he doth entreat your grace;
Write a sentence Return, good Catesby, to thy lord again;
Write a sentence I'll tell him what you say, my lord.
Write a sentence Ah, ha, my lord, this prince is not an Edward!
Write a sentence Marry, God forbid his grace should say us nay!
Write a sentence I fear he will.
Write a sentence My lord,
Write a sentence Sorry I am my noble cousin should
Write a sentence See, where he stands between two clergymen!
Write a sentence Two props of virtue for a Christian prince,
Write a sentence My lord, there needs no such apology:
Write a sentence Even that, I hope, which pleaseth God above,
Write a sentence I do suspect I have done some offence
Write a sentence You have, my lord: would it might please your grace,
Write a sentence Else wherefore breathe I in a Christian land?
Write a sentence Then know, it is your fault that you resign
Write a sentence I know not whether to depart in silence,
Write a sentence My lord, this argues conscience in your grace;
Write a sentence Do, good my lord, your citizens entreat you.
Write a sentence Refuse not, mighty lord, this proffer'd love.
Write a sentence O, make them joyful, grant their lawful suit!
Write a sentence Alas, why would you heap these cares on me?
Write a sentence If you refuse it,--as, in love and zeal,
Write a sentence O, do not swear, my lord of Buckingham.
Write a sentence Call them again, my lord, and accept their suit.
Write a sentence Do, good my lord, lest all the land do rue it.
Write a sentence Would you enforce me to a world of care?
Write a sentence God bless your grace! we see it, and will say it.
Write a sentence In saying so, you shall but say the truth.
Write a sentence Then I salute you with this kingly title:
Write a sentence Amen.
Write a sentence To-morrow will it please you to be crown'd?
Write a sentence Even when you please, since you will have it so.
Write a sentence To-morrow, then, we will attend your grace:
Write a sentence Come, let us to our holy task again.
Write a sentence Who meets us here?  my niece Plantagenet
Write a sentence God give your graces both
Write a sentence As much to you, good sister! Whither away?
Write a sentence No farther than the Tower; and, as I guess,
Write a sentence Kind sister, thanks: we'll enter all together.
Write a sentence Right well, dear madam. By your patience,
Write a sentence The king! why, who's that?
Write a sentence I cry you mercy: I mean the lord protector.
Write a sentence The Lord protect him from that kingly title!
Write a sentence I am their fathers mother; I will see them.
Write a sentence Their aunt I am in law, in love their mother:
Write a sentence No, madam, no; I may not leave it so:
Write a sentence Let me but meet you, ladies, one hour hence,
Write a sentence O, cut my lace in sunder, that my pent heart
Write a sentence Despiteful tidings! O unpleasing news!
Write a sentence Be of good cheer: mother, how fares your grace?
Write a sentence O Dorset, speak not to me, get thee hence!
Write a sentence Full of wise care is this your counsel, madam.
Write a sentence O ill-dispersing wind of misery!
Write a sentence Come, madam, come; I in all haste was sent.
Write a sentence And I in all unwillingness will go.
Write a sentence Go, go, poor soul, I envy not thy glory
Write a sentence No! why?  When he that is my husband now
Write a sentence Poor heart, adieu! I pity thy complaining.
Write a sentence No more than from my soul I mourn for yours.
Write a sentence Farewell, thou woful welcomer of glory!
Write a sentence Adieu, poor soul, that takest thy leave of it!
Write a sentence Stay, yet look back with me unto the Tower.
Write a sentence Stand all apart Cousin of Buckingham!
Write a sentence My gracious sovereign?
Write a sentence Give me thy hand.
Write a sentence Still live they and for ever may they last!
Write a sentence O Buckingham, now do I play the touch,
Write a sentence Say on, my loving lord.
Write a sentence Why, Buckingham, I say, I would be king,
Write a sentence Why, so you are, my thrice renowned liege.
Write a sentence Ha! am I king? 'tis so: but Edward lives.
Write a sentence True, noble prince.
Write a sentence O bitter consequence,
Write a sentence Your grace may do your pleasure.
Write a sentence Tut, tut, thou art all ice, thy kindness freezeth:
Write a sentence Give me some breath, some little pause, my lord
Write a sentence I will converse with iron-witted fools
Write a sentence My lord?
Write a sentence Know'st thou not any whom corrupting gold
Write a sentence My lord, I know a discontented gentleman,
Write a sentence What is his name?
Write a sentence His name, my lord, is Tyrrel.
Write a sentence I partly know the man: go, call him hither.
Write a sentence My lord, I hear the Marquis Dorset's fled
Write a sentence Catesby!
Write a sentence My lord?
Write a sentence Rumour it abroad
Write a sentence James Tyrrel, and your most obedient subject.
Write a sentence Art thou, indeed?
Write a sentence Prove me, my gracious sovereign.
Write a sentence Darest thou resolve to kill a friend of mine?
Write a sentence Ay, my lord;
Write a sentence Why, there thou hast it: two deep enemies,
Write a sentence Let me have open means to come to them,
Write a sentence Thou sing'st sweet music. Hark, come hither, Tyrrel
Write a sentence 'Tis done, my gracious lord.
Write a sentence Shall we hear from thee, Tyrrel, ere we sleep?
Write a sentence Ye shall, my Lord.
Write a sentence My Lord, I have consider'd in my mind
Write a sentence Well, let that pass. Dorset is fled to Richmond.
Write a sentence I hear that news, my lord.
Write a sentence Stanley, he is your wife's son well, look to it.
Write a sentence My lord, I claim your gift, my due by promise,
Write a sentence Stanley, look to your wife; if she convey
Write a sentence What says your highness to my just demand?
Write a sentence As I remember, Henry the Sixth
Write a sentence My lord!
Write a sentence How chance the prophet could not at that time
Write a sentence My lord, your promise for the earldom,--
Write a sentence Richmond! When last I was at Exeter,
Write a sentence My Lord!
Write a sentence Ay, what's o'clock?
Write a sentence I am thus bold to put your grace in mind
Write a sentence Well, but what's o'clock?
Write a sentence Upon the stroke of ten.
Write a sentence Well, let it strike.
Write a sentence Why let it strike?
Write a sentence Because that, like a Jack, thou keep'st the stroke
Write a sentence Why, then resolve me whether you will or no.
Write a sentence Tut, tut,
Write a sentence Is it even so? rewards he my true service
Write a sentence The tyrannous and bloody deed is done.
Write a sentence Kind Tyrrel, am I happy in thy news?
Write a sentence If to have done the thing you gave in charge
Write a sentence But didst thou see them dead?
Write a sentence I did, my lord.
Write a sentence And buried, gentle Tyrrel?
Write a sentence The chaplain of the Tower hath buried them;
Write a sentence Come to me, Tyrrel, soon at after supper,
Write a sentence My lord!
Write a sentence Good news or bad, that thou comest in so bluntly?
Write a sentence Bad news, my lord: Ely is fled to Richmond;
Write a sentence Ely with Richmond troubles me more near
Write a sentence So, now prosperity begins to mellow
Write a sentence Ah, my young princes! ah, my tender babes!
Write a sentence Hover about her; say, that right for right
Write a sentence So many miseries have crazed my voice,
Write a sentence Plantagenet doth quit Plantagenet.
Write a sentence Wilt thou, O God, fly from such gentle lambs,
Write a sentence When holy Harry died, and my sweet son.
Write a sentence Blind sight, dead life, poor mortal living ghost,
Write a sentence O, that thou wouldst as well afford a grave
Write a sentence If ancient sorrow be most reverend,
Write a sentence I had a Richard too, and thou didst kill him;
Write a sentence Thou hadst a Clarence too, and Richard kill'd him.
Write a sentence O Harry's wife, triumph not in my woes!
Write a sentence Bear with me; I am hungry for revenge,
Write a sentence O, thou didst prophesy the time would come
Write a sentence I call'd thee then vain flourish of my fortune;
Write a sentence O thou well skill'd in curses, stay awhile,
Write a sentence Forbear to sleep the nights, and fast the days;
Write a sentence My words are dull; O, quicken them with thine!
Write a sentence Thy woes will make them sharp, and pierce like mine.
Write a sentence Why should calamity be full of words?
Write a sentence Windy attorneys to their client woes,
Write a sentence If so, then be not tongue-tied: go with me.
Write a sentence Who intercepts my expedition?
Write a sentence O, she that might have intercepted thee,
Write a sentence Hidest thou that forehead with a golden crown,
Write a sentence Thou toad, thou toad, where is thy brother Clarence?
Write a sentence Where is kind Hastings, Rivers, Vaughan, Grey?
Write a sentence A flourish, trumpets! strike alarum, drums!
Write a sentence Art thou my son?
Write a sentence Ay, I thank God, my father, and yourself.
Write a sentence Then patiently hear my impatience.
Write a sentence Madam, I have a touch of your condition,
Write a sentence O, let me speak!
Write a sentence Do then: but I'll not hear.
Write a sentence I will be mild and gentle in my speech.
Write a sentence And brief, good mother; for I am in haste.
Write a sentence Art thou so hasty? I have stay'd for thee,
Write a sentence And came I not at last to comfort you?
Write a sentence No, by the holy rood, thou know'st it well,
Write a sentence Faith, none, but Humphrey Hour, that call'd
Write a sentence I prithee, hear me speak.
Write a sentence You speak too bitterly.
Write a sentence Hear me a word;
Write a sentence So.
Write a sentence Either thou wilt die, by God's just ordinance,
Write a sentence Though far more cause, yet much less spirit to curse
Write a sentence Stay, madam; I must speak a word with you.
Write a sentence I have no more sons of the royal blood
Write a sentence You have a daughter call'd Elizabeth,
Write a sentence And must she die for this? O, let her live,
Write a sentence Wrong not her birth, she is of royal blood.
Write a sentence To save her life, I'll say she is not so.
Write a sentence Her life is only safest in her birth.
Write a sentence And only in that safety died her brothers.
Write a sentence Lo, at their births good stars were opposite.
Write a sentence No, to their lives bad friends were contrary.
Write a sentence All unavoided is the doom of destiny.
Write a sentence True, when avoided grace makes destiny:
Write a sentence You speak as if that I had slain my cousins.
Write a sentence Cousins, indeed; and by their uncle cozen'd
Write a sentence Madam, so thrive I in my enterprise
Write a sentence What good is cover'd with the face of heaven,
Write a sentence The advancement of your children, gentle lady.
Write a sentence Up to some scaffold, there to lose their heads?
Write a sentence No, to the dignity and height of honour
Write a sentence Flatter my sorrows with report of it;
Write a sentence Even all I have; yea, and myself and all,
Write a sentence Be brief, lest that be process of thy kindness
Write a sentence Then know, that from my soul I love thy daughter.
Write a sentence My daughter's mother thinks it with her soul.
Write a sentence What do you think?
Write a sentence That thou dost love my daughter from thy soul:
Write a sentence Be not so hasty to confound my meaning:
Write a sentence Say then, who dost thou mean shall be her king?
Write a sentence Even he that makes her queen who should be else?
Write a sentence What, thou?
Write a sentence I, even I: what think you of it, madam?
Write a sentence How canst thou woo her?
Write a sentence That would I learn of you,
Write a sentence And wilt thou learn of me?
Write a sentence Madam, with all my heart.
Write a sentence Send to her, by the man that slew her brothers,
Write a sentence Come, come, you mock me; this is not the way
Write a sentence There is no other way
Write a sentence Say that I did all this for love of her.
Write a sentence Nay, then indeed she cannot choose but hate thee,
Write a sentence Look, what is done cannot be now amended:
Write a sentence What were I best to say? her father's brother
Write a sentence Infer fair England's peace by this alliance.
Write a sentence Which she shall purchase with still lasting war.
Write a sentence Say that the king, which may command, entreats.
Write a sentence That at her hands which the king's King forbids.
Write a sentence Say, she shall be a high and mighty queen.
Write a sentence To wail the tide, as her mother doth.
Write a sentence Say, I will love her everlastingly.
Write a sentence But how long shall that title 'ever' last?
Write a sentence Sweetly in force unto her fair life's end.
Write a sentence But how long fairly shall her sweet lie last?
Write a sentence So long as heaven and nature lengthens it.
Write a sentence So long as hell and Richard likes of it.
Write a sentence Say, I, her sovereign, am her subject love.
Write a sentence But she, your subject, loathes such sovereignty.
Write a sentence Be eloquent in my behalf to her.
Write a sentence An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
Write a sentence Then in plain terms tell her my loving tale.
Write a sentence Plain and not honest is too harsh a style.
Write a sentence Your reasons are too shallow and too quick.
Write a sentence O no, my reasons are too deep and dead;
Write a sentence Harp not on that string, madam; that is past.
Write a sentence Harp on it still shall I till heart-strings break.
Write a sentence Now, by my George, my garter, and my crown,--
Write a sentence Profaned, dishonour'd, and the third usurp'd.
Write a sentence I swear--
Write a sentence By nothing; for this is no oath:
Write a sentence Now, by the world--
Write a sentence 'Tis full of thy foul wrongs.
Write a sentence My father's death--
Write a sentence Thy life hath that dishonour'd.
Write a sentence Then, by myself--
Write a sentence Thyself thyself misusest.
Write a sentence Why then, by God--
Write a sentence God's wrong is most of all.
Write a sentence The time to come.
Write a sentence That thou hast wronged in the time o'erpast;
Write a sentence As I intend to prosper and repent,
Write a sentence Shall I be tempted of the devil thus?
Write a sentence Ay, if the devil tempt thee to do good.
Write a sentence Shall I forget myself to be myself?
Write a sentence Ay, if yourself's remembrance wrong yourself.
Write a sentence But thou didst kill my children.
Write a sentence But in your daughter's womb I bury them:
Write a sentence Shall I go win my daughter to thy will?
Write a sentence And be a happy mother by the deed.
Write a sentence I go. Write to me very shortly.
Write a sentence Bear her my true love's kiss; and so, farewell.
Write a sentence My gracious sovereign, on the western coast
Write a sentence Some light-foot friend post to the Duke of Norfolk:
Write a sentence Here, my lord.
Write a sentence Fly to the duke:
Write a sentence First, mighty sovereign, let me know your mind,
Write a sentence O, true, good Catesby: bid him levy straight
Write a sentence I go.
Write a sentence What is't your highness' pleasure I shall do at
Write a sentence Why, what wouldst thou do there before I go?
Write a sentence Your highness told me I should post before.
Write a sentence My mind is changed, sir, my mind is changed.
Write a sentence None good, my lord, to please you with the hearing;
Write a sentence Hoyday, a riddle! neither good nor bad!
Write a sentence Richmond is on the seas.
Write a sentence There let him sink, and be the seas on him!
Write a sentence I know not, mighty sovereign, but by guess.
Write a sentence Well, sir, as you guess, as you guess?
Write a sentence Stirr'd up by Dorset, Buckingham, and Ely,
Write a sentence Is the chair empty? is the sword unsway'd?
Write a sentence Unless for that, my liege, I cannot guess.
Write a sentence Unless for that he comes to be your liege,
Write a sentence No, mighty liege; therefore mistrust me not.
Write a sentence Where is thy power, then, to beat him back?
Write a sentence No, my good lord, my friends are in the north.
Write a sentence Cold friends to Richard: what do they in the north,
Write a sentence They have not been commanded, mighty sovereign:
Write a sentence Ay, ay. thou wouldst be gone to join with Richmond:
Write a sentence Most mighty sovereign,
Write a sentence Well,
Write a sentence So deal with him as I prove true to you.
Write a sentence My gracious sovereign, now in Devonshire,
Write a sentence My liege, in Kent the Guildfords are in arms;
Write a sentence My lord, the army of the Duke of Buckingham--
Write a sentence Out on you, owls! nothing but songs of death?
Write a sentence The news I have to tell your majesty
Write a sentence I cry thee mercy:
Write a sentence Such proclamation hath been made, my liege.
Write a sentence Sir Thomas Lovel and Lord Marquis Dorset,
Write a sentence March on, march on, since we are up in arms;
Write a sentence My liege, the Duke of Buckingham is taken;
Write a sentence Away towards Salisbury! while we reason here,
Write a sentence Sir Christopher, tell Richmond this from me:
Write a sentence At Pembroke, or at Harford-west, in Wales.
Write a sentence What men of name resort to him?
Write a sentence Sir Walter Herbert, a renowned soldier;
Write a sentence Return unto thy lord; commend me to him:
Write a sentence Will not King Richard let me speak with him?
Write a sentence No, my good lord; therefore be patient.
Write a sentence Hastings, and Edward's children, Rivers, Grey,
Write a sentence It is, my lord.
Write a sentence Why, then All-Souls' day is my body's doomsday.
Write a sentence Fellows in arms, and my most loving friends,
Write a sentence Every man's conscience is a thousand swords,
Write a sentence I doubt not but his friends will fly to us.
Write a sentence He hath no friends but who are friends for fear.
Write a sentence All for our vantage. Then, in God's name, march:
Write a sentence Here pitch our tents, even here in Bosworth field.
Write a sentence My heart is ten times lighter than my looks.
Write a sentence My Lord of Norfolk,--
Write a sentence Here, most gracious liege.
Write a sentence Norfolk, we must have knocks; ha! must we not?
Write a sentence We must both give and take, my gracious lord.
Write a sentence Up with my tent there! here will I lie tonight;
Write a sentence Six or seven thousand is their utmost power.
Write a sentence Why, our battalion trebles that account:
Write a sentence The weary sun hath made a golden set,
Write a sentence Unless I have mista'en his colours much,
Write a sentence If without peril it be possible,
Write a sentence Upon my life, my lord, I'll under-take it;
Write a sentence Good night, good Captain Blunt. Come gentlemen,
Write a sentence What is't o'clock?
Write a sentence It's supper-time, my lord;
Write a sentence I will not sup to-night.
Write a sentence If is, my liege; and all things are in readiness.
Write a sentence Good Norfolk, hie thee to thy charge;
Write a sentence I go, my lord.
Write a sentence Stir with the lark to-morrow, gentle Norfolk.
Write a sentence I warrant you, my lord.
Write a sentence Catesby!
Write a sentence My lord?
Write a sentence Send out a pursuivant at arms
Write a sentence My lord?
Write a sentence Saw'st thou the melancholy Lord Northumberland?
Write a sentence Thomas the Earl of Surrey, and himself,
Write a sentence So, I am satisfied. Give me a bowl of wine:
Write a sentence It is, my lord.
Write a sentence Bid my guard watch; leave me.
Write a sentence Fortune and victory sit on thy helm!
Write a sentence All comfort that the dark night can afford
Write a sentence I, by attorney, bless thee from thy mother
Write a sentence Good lords, conduct him to his regiment:
Write a sentence Give me another horse: bind up my wounds.
Write a sentence My lord!
Write a sentence 'Zounds! who is there?
Write a sentence Ratcliff, my lord; 'tis I. The early village-cock
Write a sentence O Ratcliff, I have dream'd a fearful dream!
Write a sentence No doubt, my lord.
Write a sentence O Ratcliff, I fear, I fear,--
Write a sentence Nay, good my lord, be not afraid of shadows.
Write a sentence By the apostle Paul, shadows to-night
Write a sentence Good morrow, Richmond!
Write a sentence Cry mercy, lords and watchful gentlemen,
Write a sentence How have you slept, my lord?
Write a sentence The sweetest sleep, and fairest-boding dreams
Write a sentence Upon the stroke of four.
Write a sentence Why, then 'tis time to arm and give direction.
Write a sentence What said Northumberland as touching Richmond?
Write a sentence That he was never trained up in arms.
Write a sentence He said the truth: and what said Surrey then?
Write a sentence He smiled and said 'The better for our purpose.'
Write a sentence He was in the right; and so indeed it is.
Write a sentence Not I, my lord.
Write a sentence Then he disdains to shine; for by the book
Write a sentence My lord?
Write a sentence The sun will not be seen to-day;
Write a sentence Arm, arm, my lord; the foe vaunts in the field.
Write a sentence Come, bustle, bustle; caparison my horse.
Write a sentence A good direction, warlike sovereign.
Write a sentence My lord, he doth deny to come.
Write a sentence Off with his son George's head!
Write a sentence My lord, the enemy is past the marsh
Write a sentence A thousand hearts are great within my bosom:
Write a sentence Rescue, my Lord of Norfolk, rescue, rescue!
Write a sentence A horse! a horse! my kingdom for a horse!
Write a sentence Withdraw, my lord; I'll help you to a horse.
Write a sentence Slave, I have set my life upon a cast,
Write a sentence God and your arms be praised, victorious friends,
Write a sentence Courageous Richmond, well hast thou acquit thee.
Write a sentence Great God of heaven, say Amen to all!
Write a sentence He is, my lord, and safe in Leicester town;
Write a sentence What men of name are slain on either side?
Write a sentence John Duke of Norfolk, Walter Lord Ferrers,
Write a sentence Inter their bodies as becomes their births:
Write a sentence Old John of Gaunt, time-honour'd Lancaster,
Write a sentence I have, my liege.
Write a sentence Tell me, moreover, hast thou sounded him,
Write a sentence As near as I could sift him on that argument,
Write a sentence Then call them to our presence; face to face,
Write a sentence Many years of happy days befal
Write a sentence Each day still better other's happiness;
Write a sentence We thank you both: yet one but flatters us,
Write a sentence First, heaven be the record to my speech!
Write a sentence Let not my cold words here accuse my zeal:
Write a sentence Pale trembling coward, there I throw my gage,
Write a sentence I take it up; and by that sword I swear
Write a sentence What doth our cousin lay to Mowbray's charge?
Write a sentence Look, what I speak, my life shall prove it true;
Write a sentence How high a pitch his resolution soars!
Write a sentence O, let my sovereign turn away his face
Write a sentence Mowbray, impartial are our eyes and ears:
Write a sentence Then, Bolingbroke, as low as to thy heart,
Write a sentence Wrath-kindled gentlemen, be ruled by me;
Write a sentence To be a make-peace shall become my age:
Write a sentence And, Norfolk, throw down his.
Write a sentence When, Harry, when?
Write a sentence Norfolk, throw down, we bid; there is no boot.
Write a sentence Myself I throw, dread sovereign, at thy foot.
Write a sentence Rage must be withstood:
Write a sentence Yea, but not change his spots: take but my shame.
Write a sentence Cousin, throw up your gage; do you begin.
Write a sentence O, God defend my soul from such deep sin!
Write a sentence We were not born to sue, but to command;
Write a sentence Alas, the part I had in Woodstock's blood
Write a sentence Finds brotherhood in thee no sharper spur?
Write a sentence God's is the quarrel; for God's substitute,
Write a sentence Where then, alas, may I complain myself?
Write a sentence To God, the widow's champion and defence.
Write a sentence Why, then, I will. Farewell, old Gaunt.
Write a sentence Sister, farewell; I must to Coventry:
Write a sentence Yet one word more: grief boundeth where it falls,
Write a sentence My Lord Aumerle, is Harry Hereford arm'd?
Write a sentence Yea, at all points; and longs to enter in.
Write a sentence The Duke of Norfolk, sprightfully and bold,
Write a sentence Why, then, the champions are prepared, and stay
Write a sentence Marshal, demand of yonder champion
Write a sentence In God's name and the king's, say who thou art
Write a sentence My name is Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk;
Write a sentence Marshal, ask yonder knight in arms,
Write a sentence What is thy name? and wherefore comest thou hither,
Write a sentence Harry of Hereford, Lancaster and Derby
Write a sentence On pain of death, no person be so bold
Write a sentence Lord marshal, let me kiss my sovereign's hand,
Write a sentence The appellant in all duty greets your highness,
Write a sentence We will descend and fold him in our arms.
Write a sentence O let no noble eye profane a tear
Write a sentence God in thy good cause make thee prosperous!
Write a sentence Mine innocency and Saint George to thrive!
Write a sentence However God or fortune cast my lot,
Write a sentence Farewell, my lord: securely I espy
Write a sentence Harry of Hereford, Lancaster and Derby,
Write a sentence Strong as a tower in hope, I cry amen.
Write a sentence Go bear this lance to Thomas, Duke of Norfolk.
Write a sentence Harry of Hereford, Lancaster and Derby,
Write a sentence Here standeth Thomas Mowbray, Duke of Norfolk,
Write a sentence Sound, trumpets; and set forward, combatants.
Write a sentence Let them lay by their helmets and their spears,
Write a sentence Your will be done: this must my comfort be,
Write a sentence Norfolk, for thee remains a heavier doom,
Write a sentence A heavy sentence, my most sovereign liege,
Write a sentence It boots thee not to be compassionate:
Write a sentence Then thus I turn me from my country's light,
Write a sentence Return again, and take an oath with thee.
Write a sentence I swear.
Write a sentence And I, to keep all this.
Write a sentence Norfolk, so far as to mine enemy:--
Write a sentence No, Bolingbroke: if ever I were traitor,
Write a sentence Uncle, even in the glasses of thine eyes
Write a sentence How long a time lies in one little word!
Write a sentence I thank my liege, that in regard of me
Write a sentence Why uncle, thou hast many years to live.
Write a sentence But not a minute, king, that thou canst give:
Write a sentence Thy son is banish'd upon good advice,
Write a sentence Things sweet to taste prove in digestion sour.
Write a sentence Cousin, farewell; and, uncle, bid him so:
Write a sentence Cousin, farewell: what presence must not know,
Write a sentence My lord, no leave take I; for I will ride,
Write a sentence O, to what purpose dost thou hoard thy words,
Write a sentence I have too few to take my leave of you,
Write a sentence Thy grief is but thy absence for a time.
Write a sentence Joy absent, grief is present for that time.
Write a sentence What is six winters? they are quickly gone.
Write a sentence To men in joy; but grief makes one hour ten.
Write a sentence Call it a travel that thou takest for pleasure.
Write a sentence My heart will sigh when I miscall it so,
Write a sentence The sullen passage of thy weary steps
Write a sentence Nay, rather, every tedious stride I make
Write a sentence All places that the eye of heaven visits
Write a sentence O, who can hold a fire in his hand
Write a sentence Come, come, my son, I'll bring thee on thy way:
Write a sentence Then, England's ground, farewell; sweet soil, adieu;
Write a sentence We did observe. Cousin Aumerle,
Write a sentence I brought high Hereford, if you call him so,
Write a sentence And say, what store of parting tears were shed?
Write a sentence Faith, none for me; except the north-east wind,
Write a sentence What said our cousin when you parted with him?
Write a sentence 'Farewell:'
Write a sentence He is our cousin, cousin; but 'tis doubt,
Write a sentence Well, he is gone; and with him go these thoughts.
Write a sentence We will ourself in person to this war:
Write a sentence Old John of Gaunt is grievous sick, my lord,
Write a sentence Where lies he?
Write a sentence At Ely House.
Write a sentence Now put it, God, in the physician's mind
Write a sentence Amen.
Write a sentence Will the king come, that I may breathe my last
Write a sentence Vex not yourself, nor strive not with your breath;
Write a sentence O, but they say the tongues of dying men
Write a sentence No; it is stopp'd with other flattering sounds,
Write a sentence Methinks I am a prophet new inspired
Write a sentence The king is come: deal mildly with his youth;
Write a sentence How fares our noble uncle, Lancaster?
Write a sentence What comfort, man? how is't with aged Gaunt?
Write a sentence O how that name befits my composition!
Write a sentence Can sick men play so nicely with their names?
Write a sentence No, misery makes sport to mock itself:
Write a sentence Should dying men flatter with those that live?
Write a sentence No, no, men living flatter those that die.
Write a sentence Thou, now a-dying, say'st thou flatterest me.
Write a sentence O, no! thou diest, though I the sicker be.
Write a sentence I am in health, I breathe, and see thee ill.
Write a sentence Now He that made me knows I see thee ill;
Write a sentence A lunatic lean-witted fool,
Write a sentence O, spare me not, my brother Edward's son,
Write a sentence And let them die that age and sullens have;
Write a sentence I do beseech your majesty, impute his words
Write a sentence Right, you say true: as Hereford's love, so his;
Write a sentence My liege, old Gaunt commends him to your majesty.
Write a sentence What says he?
Write a sentence Nay, nothing; all is said
Write a sentence Be York the next that must be bankrupt so!
Write a sentence The ripest fruit first falls, and so doth he;
Write a sentence How long shall I be patient? ah, how long
Write a sentence Why, uncle, what's the matter?
Write a sentence O my liege,
Write a sentence Think what you will, we seize into our hands
Write a sentence I'll not be by the while: my liege, farewell:
Write a sentence Go, Bushy, to the Earl of Wiltshire straight:
Write a sentence Well, lords, the Duke of Lancaster is dead.
Write a sentence And living too; for now his son is duke.
Write a sentence Barely in title, not in revenue.
Write a sentence Richly in both, if justice had her right.
Write a sentence My heart is great; but it must break with silence,
Write a sentence Nay, speak thy mind; and let him ne'er speak more
Write a sentence Tends that thou wouldst speak to the Duke of Hereford?
Write a sentence No good at all that I can do for him;
Write a sentence Now, afore God, 'tis shame such wrongs are borne
Write a sentence The commons hath he pill'd with grievous taxes,
Write a sentence And daily new exactions are devised,
Write a sentence Wars have not wasted it, for warr'd he hath not,
Write a sentence The Earl of Wiltshire hath the realm in farm.
Write a sentence The king's grown bankrupt, like a broken man.
Write a sentence Reproach and dissolution hangeth over him.
Write a sentence He hath not money for these Irish wars,
Write a sentence His noble kinsman: most degenerate king!
Write a sentence We see the very wreck that we must suffer;
Write a sentence Not so; even through the hollow eyes of death
Write a sentence Nay, let us share thy thoughts, as thou dost ours.
Write a sentence Be confident to speak, Northumberland:
Write a sentence Then thus: I have from Port le Blanc, a bay
Write a sentence To horse, to horse! urge doubts to them that fear.
Write a sentence Hold out my horse, and I will first be there.
Write a sentence Madam, your majesty is too much sad:
Write a sentence To please the king I did; to please myself
Write a sentence Each substance of a grief hath twenty shadows,
Write a sentence It may be so; but yet my inward soul
Write a sentence 'Tis nothing but conceit, my gracious lady.
Write a sentence 'Tis nothing less: conceit is still derived
Write a sentence God save your majesty! and well met, gentlemen:
Write a sentence Why hopest thou so? 'tis better hope he is;
Write a sentence That he, our hope, might have retired his power,
Write a sentence Now God in heaven forbid!
Write a sentence Ah, madam, 'tis too true: and that is worse,
Write a sentence Why have you not proclaim'd Northumberland
Write a sentence We have: whereupon the Earl of Worcester
Write a sentence So, Green, thou art the midwife to my woe,
Write a sentence Despair not, madam.
Write a sentence Who shall hinder me?
Write a sentence Here comes the Duke of York.
Write a sentence With signs of war about his aged neck:
Write a sentence Should I do so, I should belie my thoughts:
Write a sentence My lord, your son was gone before I came.
Write a sentence He was? Why, so! go all which way it will!
Write a sentence My lord, I had forgot to tell your lordship,
Write a sentence What is't, knave?
Write a sentence An hour before I came, the duchess died.
Write a sentence God for his mercy! what a tide of woes
Write a sentence The wind sits fair for news to go to Ireland,
Write a sentence Besides, our nearness to the king in love
Write a sentence And that's the wavering commons: for their love
Write a sentence Wherein the king stands generally condemn'd.
Write a sentence If judgement lie in them, then so do we,
Write a sentence Well, I will for refuge straight to Bristol castle:
Write a sentence Thither will I with you; for little office
Write a sentence No; I will to Ireland to his majesty.
Write a sentence That's as York thrives to beat back Bolingbroke.
Write a sentence Alas, poor duke! the task he undertakes
Write a sentence Well, we may meet again.
Write a sentence I fear me, never.
Write a sentence How far is it, my lord, to Berkeley now?
Write a sentence Believe me, noble lord,
Write a sentence Of much less value is my company
Write a sentence It is my son, young Harry Percy,
Write a sentence I had thought, my lord, to have learn'd his health of you.
Write a sentence Why, is he not with the queen?
Write a sentence No, my good Lord; he hath forsook the court,
Write a sentence What was his reason?
Write a sentence Because your lordship was proclaimed traitor.
Write a sentence Have you forgot the Duke of Hereford, boy?
Write a sentence No, my good lord, for that is not forgot
Write a sentence Then learn to know him now; this is the duke.
Write a sentence My gracious lord, I tender you my service,
Write a sentence I thank thee, gentle Percy; and be sure
Write a sentence How far is it to Berkeley? and what stir
Write a sentence There stands the castle, by yon tuft of trees,
Write a sentence Here come the Lords of Ross and Willoughby,
Write a sentence Welcome, my lords. I wot your love pursues
Write a sentence Your presence makes us rich, most noble lord.
Write a sentence And far surmounts our labour to attain it.
Write a sentence Evermore thanks, the exchequer of the poor;
Write a sentence It is my Lord of Berkeley, as I guess.
Write a sentence My Lord of Hereford, my message is to you.
Write a sentence My lord, my answer is--to Lancaster;
Write a sentence Mistake me not, my lord; 'tis not my meaning
Write a sentence I shall not need transport my words by you;
Write a sentence Show me thy humble heart, and not thy knee,
Write a sentence My gracious uncle--
Write a sentence Tut, tut!
Write a sentence My gracious uncle, let me know my fault:
Write a sentence Even in condition of the worst degree,
Write a sentence As I was banish'd, I was banish'd Hereford;
Write a sentence The noble duke hath been too much abused.
Write a sentence It stands your grace upon to do him right.
Write a sentence Base men by his endowments are made great.
Write a sentence My lords of England, let me tell you this:
Write a sentence The noble duke hath sworn his coming is
Write a sentence Well, well, I see the issue of these arms:
Write a sentence An offer, uncle, that we will accept:
Write a sentence It may be I will go with you: but yet I'll pause;
Write a sentence My lord of Salisbury, we have stay'd ten days,
Write a sentence Stay yet another day, thou trusty Welshman:
Write a sentence 'Tis thought the king is dead; we will not stay.
Write a sentence Ah, Richard, with the eyes of heavy mind
Write a sentence Bring forth these men.
Write a sentence More welcome is the stroke of death to me
Write a sentence My comfort is that heaven will take our souls
Write a sentence My Lord Northumberland, see them dispatch'd.
Write a sentence A gentleman of mine I have dispatch'd
Write a sentence Thank, gentle uncle. Come, lords, away.
Write a sentence Barkloughly castle call they this at hand?
Write a sentence Yea, my lord. How brooks your grace the air,
Write a sentence Needs must I like it well: I weep for joy
Write a sentence Fear not, my lord: that Power that made you king
Write a sentence He means, my lord, that we are too remiss;
Write a sentence Discomfortable cousin! know'st thou not
Write a sentence Nor near nor farther off, my gracious lord,
Write a sentence Comfort, my liege; why looks your grace so pale?
Write a sentence But now the blood of twenty thousand men
Write a sentence Comfort, my liege; remember who you are.
Write a sentence I had forgot myself; am I not king?
Write a sentence More health and happiness betide my liege
Write a sentence Mine ear is open and my heart prepared;
Write a sentence Glad am I that your highness is so arm'd
Write a sentence Too well, too well thou tell'st a tale so ill.
Write a sentence Peace have they made with him indeed, my lord.
Write a sentence O villains, vipers, damn'd without redemption!
Write a sentence Sweet love, I see, changing his property,
Write a sentence Is Bushy, Green, and the Earl of Wiltshire dead?
Write a sentence Ay, all of them at Bristol lost their heads.
Write a sentence Where is the duke my father with his power?
Write a sentence No matter where; of comfort no man speak:
Write a sentence My lord, wise men ne'er sit and wail their woes,
Write a sentence My father hath a power; inquire of him
Write a sentence Thou chidest me well: proud Bolingbroke, I come
Write a sentence Men judge by the complexion of the sky
Write a sentence Thou hast said enough.
Write a sentence My liege, one word.
Write a sentence He does me double wrong
Write a sentence So that by this intelligence we learn
Write a sentence The news is very fair and good, my lord:
Write a sentence It would beseem the Lord Northumberland
Write a sentence Your grace mistakes; only to be brief
Write a sentence The time hath been,
Write a sentence Mistake not, uncle, further than you should.
Write a sentence Take not, good cousin, further than you should.
Write a sentence I know it, uncle, and oppose not myself
Write a sentence The castle royally is mann'd, my lord,
Write a sentence Royally!
Write a sentence Yes, my good lord,
Write a sentence O, belike it is the Bishop of Carlisle.
Write a sentence Noble lords,
Write a sentence Yet looks he like a king: behold, his eye,
Write a sentence We are amazed; and thus long have we stood
Write a sentence The king of heaven forbid our lord the king
Write a sentence Northumberland, say thus the king returns:
Write a sentence No, good my lord; let's fight with gentle words
Write a sentence O God, O God! that e'er this tongue of mine,
Write a sentence Northumberland comes back from Bolingbroke.
Write a sentence What must the king do now? must he submit?
Write a sentence My lord, in the base court he doth attend
Write a sentence Down, down I come; like glistering Phaethon,
Write a sentence What says his majesty?
Write a sentence Sorrow and grief of heart
Write a sentence Stand all apart,
Write a sentence Fair cousin, you debase your princely knee
Write a sentence My gracious lord, I come but for mine own.
Write a sentence Your own is yours, and I am yours, and all.
Write a sentence So far be mine, my most redoubted lord,
Write a sentence Well you deserve: they well deserve to have,
Write a sentence Yea, my good lord.
Write a sentence Then I must not say no.
Write a sentence What sport shall we devise here in this garden,
Write a sentence Madam, we'll play at bowls.
Write a sentence 'Twill make me think the world is full of rubs,
Write a sentence Madam, we'll dance.
Write a sentence My legs can keep no measure in delight,
Write a sentence Madam, we'll tell tales.
Write a sentence Of sorrow or of joy?
Write a sentence Of either, madam.
Write a sentence Of neither, girl:
Write a sentence Madam, I'll sing.
Write a sentence 'Tis well that thou hast cause
Write a sentence I could weep, madam, would it do you good.
Write a sentence And I could sing, would weeping do me good,
Write a sentence Go, bind thou up yon dangling apricocks,
Write a sentence Why should we in the compass of a pale
Write a sentence Hold thy peace:
Write a sentence What, are they dead?
Write a sentence They are; and Bolingbroke
Write a sentence What, think you then the king shall be deposed?
Write a sentence Depress'd he is already, and deposed
Write a sentence O, I am press'd to death through want of speaking!
Write a sentence Pardon me, madam: little joy have I
Write a sentence Nimble mischance, that art so light of foot,
Write a sentence Poor queen! so that thy state might be no worse,
Write a sentence Call forth Bagot.
Write a sentence Then set before my face the Lord Aumerle.
Write a sentence Cousin, stand forth, and look upon that man.
Write a sentence My Lord Aumerle, I know your daring tongue
Write a sentence Princes and noble lords,
Write a sentence Bagot, forbear; thou shalt not take it up.
Write a sentence Excepting one, I would he were the best
Write a sentence If that thy valour stand on sympathy,
Write a sentence Thou darest not, coward, live to see that day.
Write a sentence Now by my soul, I would it were this hour.
Write a sentence Fitzwater, thou art damn'd to hell for this.
Write a sentence Aumerle, thou liest; his honour is as true
Write a sentence An if I do not, may my hands rot off
Write a sentence I task the earth to the like, forsworn Aumerle;
Write a sentence Who sets me else? by heaven, I'll throw at all:
Write a sentence My Lord Fitzwater, I do remember well
Write a sentence 'Tis very true: you were in presence then;
Write a sentence As false, by heaven, as heaven itself is true.
Write a sentence Surrey, thou liest.
Write a sentence Dishonourable boy!
Write a sentence How fondly dost thou spur a forward horse!
Write a sentence Some honest Christian trust me with a gage
Write a sentence These differences shall all rest under gage
Write a sentence That honourable day shall ne'er be seen.
Write a sentence Why, bishop, is Norfolk dead?
Write a sentence As surely as I live, my lord.
Write a sentence Sweet peace conduct his sweet soul to the bosom
Write a sentence Great Duke of Lancaster, I come to thee
Write a sentence In God's name, I'll ascend the regal throne.
Write a sentence Marry. God forbid!
Write a sentence Well have you argued, sir; and, for your pains,
Write a sentence Fetch hither Richard, that in common view
Write a sentence I will be his conduct.
Write a sentence Lords, you that here are under our arrest,
Write a sentence Alack, why am I sent for to a king,
Write a sentence To do that office of thine own good will
Write a sentence Give me the crown. Here, cousin, seize the crown;
Write a sentence I thought you had been willing to resign.
Write a sentence My crown I am; but still my griefs are mine:
Write a sentence Part of your cares you give me with your crown.
Write a sentence Your cares set up do not pluck my cares down.
Write a sentence Are you contented to resign the crown?
Write a sentence Ay, no; no, ay; for I must nothing be;
Write a sentence No more, but that you read
Write a sentence Must I do so? and must I ravel out
Write a sentence My lord, dispatch; read o'er these articles.
Write a sentence Mine eyes are full of tears, I cannot see:
Write a sentence My lord,--
Write a sentence No lord of thine, thou haught insulting man,
Write a sentence Go some of you and fetch a looking-glass.
Write a sentence Read o'er this paper while the glass doth come.
Write a sentence Fiend, thou torment'st me ere I come to hell!
Write a sentence Urge it no more, my Lord Northumberland.
Write a sentence The commons will not then be satisfied.
Write a sentence They shall be satisfied: I'll read enough,
Write a sentence The shadow of your sorrow hath destroy'd
Write a sentence Say that again.
Write a sentence Name it, fair cousin.
Write a sentence 'Fair cousin'? I am greater than a king:
Write a sentence Yet ask.
Write a sentence And shall I have?
Write a sentence You shall.
Write a sentence Then give me leave to go.
Write a sentence Whither?
Write a sentence Whither you will, so I were from your sights.
Write a sentence Go, some of you convey him to the Tower.
Write a sentence O, good! convey? conveyers are you all,
Write a sentence On Wednesday next we solemnly set down
Write a sentence A woeful pageant have we here beheld.
Write a sentence The woe's to come; the children yet unborn.
Write a sentence You holy clergymen, is there no plot
Write a sentence My lord,
Write a sentence This way the king will come; this is the way
Write a sentence Join not with grief, fair woman, do not so,
Write a sentence What, is my Richard both in shape and mind
Write a sentence A king of beasts, indeed; if aught but beasts,
Write a sentence My lord, the mind of Bolingbroke is changed:
Write a sentence Northumberland, thou ladder wherewithal
Write a sentence My guilt be on my head, and there an end.
Write a sentence Doubly divorced! Bad men, you violate
Write a sentence And must we be divided? must we part?
Write a sentence Ay, hand from hand, my love, and heart from heart.
Write a sentence Banish us both and send the king with me.
Write a sentence That were some love but little policy.
Write a sentence Then whither he goes, thither let me go.
Write a sentence So two, together weeping, make one woe.
Write a sentence So longest way shall have the longest moans.
Write a sentence Twice for one step I'll groan, the way being short,
Write a sentence Give me mine own again; 'twere no good part
Write a sentence We make woe wanton with this fond delay:
Write a sentence My lord, you told me you would tell the rest,
Write a sentence Where did I leave?
Write a sentence At that sad stop, my lord,
Write a sentence Then, as I said, the duke, great Bolingbroke,
Write a sentence Alack, poor Richard! where rode he the whilst?
Write a sentence As in a theatre, the eyes of men,
Write a sentence Here comes my son Aumerle.
Write a sentence Aumerle that was;
Write a sentence Welcome, my son: who are the violets now
Write a sentence Madam, I know not, nor I greatly care not:
Write a sentence Well, bear you well in this new spring of time,
Write a sentence For aught I know, my lord, they do.
Write a sentence You will be there, I know.
Write a sentence If God prevent not, I purpose so.
Write a sentence What seal is that, that hangs without thy bosom?
Write a sentence My lord, 'tis nothing.
Write a sentence No matter, then, who see it;
Write a sentence I do beseech your grace to pardon me:
Write a sentence Which for some reasons, sir, I mean to see.
Write a sentence What should you fear?
Write a sentence Bound to himself! what doth he with a bond
Write a sentence I do beseech you, pardon me; I may not show it.
Write a sentence I will be satisfied; let me see it, I say.
Write a sentence What is the matter, my lord?
Write a sentence Ho! who is within there?
Write a sentence Why, what is it, my lord?
Write a sentence Give me my boots, I say; saddle my horse.
Write a sentence What is the matter?
Write a sentence Peace, foolish woman.
Write a sentence I will not peace. What is the matter, Aumerle.
Write a sentence Good mother, be content; it is no more
Write a sentence Thy life answer!
Write a sentence Bring me my boots: I will unto the king.
Write a sentence Strike him, Aumerle. Poor boy, thou art amazed.
Write a sentence Give me my boots, I say.
Write a sentence Why, York, what wilt thou do?
Write a sentence Thou fond mad woman,
Write a sentence He shall be none;
Write a sentence Away, fond woman! were he twenty times my son,
Write a sentence Hadst thou groan'd for him
Write a sentence Make way, unruly woman!
Write a sentence After, Aumerle! mount thee upon his horse;
Write a sentence Can no man tell me of my unthrifty son?
Write a sentence My lord, some two days since I saw the prince,
Write a sentence And what said the gallant?
Write a sentence His answer was, he would unto the stews,
Write a sentence As dissolute as desperate; yet through both
Write a sentence Where is the king?
Write a sentence What means our cousin, that he stares and looks
Write a sentence God save your grace! I do beseech your majesty,
Write a sentence Withdraw yourselves, and leave us here alone.
Write a sentence For ever may my knees grow to the earth,
Write a sentence Intended or committed was this fault?
Write a sentence Then give me leave that I may turn the key,
Write a sentence Have thy desire.
Write a sentence Villain, I'll make thee safe.
Write a sentence Stay thy revengeful hand; thou hast no cause to fear.
Write a sentence What is the matter, uncle? speak;
Write a sentence Peruse this writing here, and thou shalt know
Write a sentence Remember, as thou read'st, thy promise pass'd:
Write a sentence It was, villain, ere thy hand did set it down.
Write a sentence O heinous, strong and bold conspiracy!
Write a sentence So shall my virtue be his vice's bawd;
Write a sentence What shrill-voiced suppliant makes this eager cry?
Write a sentence A woman, and thy aunt, great king; 'tis I.
Write a sentence Our scene is alter'd from a serious thing,
Write a sentence If thou do pardon, whosoever pray,
Write a sentence O king, believe not this hard-hearted man!
Write a sentence Thou frantic woman, what dost thou make here?
Write a sentence Sweet York, be patient. Hear me, gentle liege.
Write a sentence Rise up, good aunt.
Write a sentence Not yet, I thee beseech:
Write a sentence Unto my mother's prayers I bend my knee.
Write a sentence Against them both my true joints bended be.
Write a sentence Pleads he in earnest? look upon his face;
Write a sentence Good aunt, stand up.
Write a sentence Nay, do not say, 'stand up;'
Write a sentence Speak it in French, king; say, 'pardonne moi.'
Write a sentence Dost thou teach pardon pardon to destroy?
Write a sentence Good aunt, stand up.
Write a sentence I do not sue to stand;
Write a sentence I pardon him, as God shall pardon me.
Write a sentence O happy vantage of a kneeling knee!
Write a sentence With all my heart
Write a sentence A god on earth thou art.
Write a sentence But for our trusty brother-in-law and the abbot,
Write a sentence Come, my old son: I pray God make thee new.
Write a sentence Didst thou not mark the king, what words he spake,
Write a sentence These were his very words.
Write a sentence 'Have I no friend?' quoth he: he spake it twice,
Write a sentence He did.
Write a sentence And speaking it, he wistly look'd on me,
Write a sentence I have been studying how I may compare
Write a sentence Hail, royal prince!
Write a sentence Thanks, noble peer;
Write a sentence I was a poor groom of thy stable, king,
Write a sentence Rode he on Barbary? Tell me, gentle friend,
Write a sentence So proudly as if he disdain'd the ground.
Write a sentence So proud that Bolingbroke was on his back!
Write a sentence Fellow, give place; here is no longer stay.
Write a sentence If thou love me, 'tis time thou wert away.
Write a sentence What my tongue dares not, that my heart shall say.
Write a sentence My lord, will't please you to fall to?
Write a sentence Taste of it first, as thou art wont to do.
Write a sentence My lord, I dare not: Sir Pierce of Exton, who
Write a sentence The devil take Henry of Lancaster and thee!
Write a sentence Help, help, help!
Write a sentence How now! what means death in this rude assault?
Write a sentence As full of valour as of royal blood:
Write a sentence Kind uncle York, the latest news we hear
Write a sentence First, to thy sacred state wish I all happiness.
Write a sentence We thank thee, gentle Percy, for thy pains;
Write a sentence My lord, I have from Oxford sent to London
Write a sentence Thy pains, Fitzwater, shall not be forgot;
Write a sentence The grand conspirator, Abbot of Westminster,
Write a sentence Carlisle, this is your doom:
Write a sentence Great king, within this coffin I present
Write a sentence Exton, I thank thee not; for thou hast wrought
Write a sentence From your own mouth, my lord, did I this deed.
Write a sentence They love not poison that do poison need,
Write a sentence SAMPSON:
Write a sentence No, for then we should be colliers.
Write a sentence I mean, an we be in choler, we'll draw.
Write a sentence Ay, while you live, draw your neck out o' the collar.
Write a sentence I strike quickly, being moved.
Write a sentence But thou art not quickly moved to strike.
Write a sentence A dog of the house of Montague moves me.
Write a sentence To move is to stir; and to be valiant is to stand:
Write a sentence A dog of that house shall move me to stand: I will
Write a sentence That shows thee a weak slave; for the weakest goes
Write a sentence True; and therefore women, being the weaker vessels,
Write a sentence The quarrel is between our masters and us their men.
Write a sentence 'Tis all one, I will show myself a tyrant: when I
Write a sentence The heads of the maids?
Write a sentence Ay, the heads of the maids, or their maidenheads;
Write a sentence They must take it in sense that feel it.
Write a sentence Me they shall feel while I am able to stand: and
Write a sentence 'Tis well thou art not fish; if thou hadst, thou
Write a sentence My naked weapon is out: quarrel, I will back thee.
Write a sentence How! turn thy back and run?
Write a sentence Fear me not.
Write a sentence No, marry; I fear thee!
Write a sentence Let us take the law of our sides; let them begin.
Write a sentence I will frown as I pass by, and let them take it as
Write a sentence Nay, as they dare. I will bite my thumb at them;
Write a sentence Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Write a sentence I do bite my thumb, sir.
Write a sentence Do you bite your thumb at us, sir?
Write a sentence No.
Write a sentence No, sir, I do not bite my thumb at you, sir, but I
Write a sentence Do you quarrel, sir?
Write a sentence Quarrel sir! no, sir.
Write a sentence If you do, sir, I am for you: I serve as good a man as you.
Write a sentence No better.
Write a sentence Well, sir.
Write a sentence Say 'better:' here comes one of my master's kinsmen.
Write a sentence Yes, better, sir.
Write a sentence You lie.
Write a sentence Draw, if you be men. Gregory, remember thy swashing blow.
Write a sentence Part, fools!
Write a sentence What, art thou drawn among these heartless hinds?
Write a sentence I do but keep the peace: put up thy sword,
Write a sentence What, drawn, and talk of peace! I hate the word,
Write a sentence Clubs, bills, and partisans! strike! beat them down!
Write a sentence What noise is this? Give me my long sword, ho!
Write a sentence A crutch, a crutch! why call you for a sword?
Write a sentence My sword, I say! Old Montague is come,
Write a sentence Thou villain Capulet,--Hold me not, let me go.
Write a sentence Thou shalt not stir a foot to seek a foe.
Write a sentence Rebellious subjects, enemies to peace,
Write a sentence Who set this ancient quarrel new abroach?
Write a sentence Here were the servants of your adversary,
Write a sentence O, where is Romeo? saw you him to-day?
Write a sentence Madam, an hour before the worshipp'd sun
Write a sentence Many a morning hath he there been seen,
Write a sentence My noble uncle, do you know the cause?
Write a sentence I neither know it nor can learn of him.
Write a sentence Have you importuned him by any means?
Write a sentence Both by myself and many other friends:
Write a sentence See, where he comes: so please you, step aside;
Write a sentence I would thou wert so happy by thy stay,
Write a sentence Good-morrow, cousin.
Write a sentence Is the day so young?
Write a sentence But new struck nine.
Write a sentence Ay me! sad hours seem long.
Write a sentence It was. What sadness lengthens Romeo's hours?
Write a sentence Not having that, which, having, makes them short.
Write a sentence In love?
Write a sentence Out--
Write a sentence Of love?
Write a sentence Out of her favour, where I am in love.
Write a sentence Alas, that love, so gentle in his view,
Write a sentence Alas, that love, whose view is muffled still,
Write a sentence No, coz, I rather weep.
Write a sentence Good heart, at what?
Write a sentence At thy good heart's oppression.
Write a sentence Why, such is love's transgression.
Write a sentence Soft! I will go along;
Write a sentence Tut, I have lost myself; I am not here;
Write a sentence Tell me in sadness, who is that you love.
Write a sentence What, shall I groan and tell thee?
Write a sentence Groan! why, no.
Write a sentence Bid a sick man in sadness make his will:
Write a sentence I aim'd so near, when I supposed you loved.
Write a sentence A right good mark-man! And she's fair I love.
Write a sentence A right fair mark, fair coz, is soonest hit.
Write a sentence Well, in that hit you miss: she'll not be hit
Write a sentence Then she hath sworn that she will still live chaste?
Write a sentence She hath, and in that sparing makes huge waste,
Write a sentence Be ruled by me, forget to think of her.
Write a sentence O, teach me how I should forget to think.
Write a sentence By giving liberty unto thine eyes;
Write a sentence 'Tis the way
Write a sentence I'll pay that doctrine, or else die in debt.
Write a sentence But Montague is bound as well as I,
Write a sentence Of honourable reckoning are you both;
Write a sentence But saying o'er what I have said before:
Write a sentence Younger than she are happy mothers made.
Write a sentence And too soon marr'd are those so early made.
Write a sentence Find them out whose names are written here! It is
Write a sentence Tut, man, one fire burns out another's burning,
Write a sentence Your plaintain-leaf is excellent for that.
Write a sentence For what, I pray thee?
Write a sentence For your broken shin.
Write a sentence Why, Romeo, art thou mad?
Write a sentence Not mad, but bound more than a mad-man is;
Write a sentence God gi' god-den. I pray, sir, can you read?
Write a sentence Ay, mine own fortune in my misery.
Write a sentence Perhaps you have learned it without book: but, I
Write a sentence Ay, if I know the letters and the language.
Write a sentence Ye say honestly: rest you merry!
Write a sentence Stay, fellow; I can read.
Write a sentence Up.
Write a sentence Whither?
Write a sentence To supper; to our house.
Write a sentence Whose house?
Write a sentence My master's.
Write a sentence Indeed, I should have ask'd you that before.
Write a sentence Now I'll tell you without asking: my master is the
Write a sentence At this same ancient feast of Capulet's
Write a sentence When the devout religion of mine eye
Write a sentence Tut, you saw her fair, none else being by,
Write a sentence I'll go along, no such sight to be shown,
Write a sentence Nurse, where's my daughter? call her forth to me.
Write a sentence Now, by my maidenhead, at twelve year old,
Write a sentence How now! who calls?
Write a sentence Your mother.
Write a sentence Madam, I am here.
Write a sentence This is the matter:--Nurse, give leave awhile,
Write a sentence Faith, I can tell her age unto an hour.
Write a sentence She's not fourteen.
Write a sentence I'll lay fourteen of my teeth,--
Write a sentence A fortnight and odd days.
Write a sentence Even or odd, of all days in the year,
Write a sentence Enough of this; I pray thee, hold thy peace.
Write a sentence Yes, madam: yet I cannot choose but laugh,
Write a sentence And stint thou too, I pray thee, nurse, say I.
Write a sentence Peace, I have done. God mark thee to his grace!
Write a sentence Marry, that 'marry' is the very theme
Write a sentence It is an honour that I dream not of.
Write a sentence An honour! were not I thine only nurse,
Write a sentence Well, think of marriage now; younger than you,
Write a sentence A man, young lady! lady, such a man
Write a sentence Verona's summer hath not such a flower.
Write a sentence Nay, he's a flower; in faith, a very flower.
Write a sentence What say you? can you love the gentleman?
Write a sentence No less! nay, bigger; women grow by men.
Write a sentence Speak briefly, can you like of Paris' love?
Write a sentence I'll look to like, if looking liking move:
Write a sentence Madam, the guests are come, supper served up, you
Write a sentence We follow thee.
Write a sentence Go, girl, seek happy nights to happy days.
Write a sentence What, shall this speech be spoke for our excuse?
Write a sentence The date is out of such prolixity:
Write a sentence Give me a torch: I am not for this ambling;
Write a sentence Nay, gentle Romeo, we must have you dance.
Write a sentence Not I, believe me: you have dancing shoes
Write a sentence You are a lover; borrow Cupid's wings,
Write a sentence I am too sore enpierced with his shaft
Write a sentence And, to sink in it, should you burden love;
Write a sentence Is love a tender thing? it is too rough,
Write a sentence If love be rough with you, be rough with love;
Write a sentence Come, knock and enter; and no sooner in,
Write a sentence A torch for me: let wantons light of heart
Write a sentence Tut, dun's the mouse, the constable's own word:
Write a sentence Nay, that's not so.
Write a sentence I mean, sir, in delay
Write a sentence And we mean well in going to this mask;
Write a sentence Why, may one ask?
Write a sentence I dream'd a dream to-night.
Write a sentence And so did I.
Write a sentence Well, what was yours?
Write a sentence That dreamers often lie.
Write a sentence In bed asleep, while they do dream things true.
Write a sentence O, then, I see Queen Mab hath been with you.
Write a sentence Peace, peace, Mercutio, peace!
Write a sentence True, I talk of dreams,
Write a sentence This wind, you talk of, blows us from ourselves;
Write a sentence I fear, too early: for my mind misgives
Write a sentence Strike, drum.
Write a sentence Where's Potpan, that he helps not to take away? He
Write a sentence When good manners shall lie all in one or two men's
Write a sentence Away with the joint-stools, remove the
Write a sentence Ay, boy, ready.
Write a sentence You are looked for and called for, asked for and
Write a sentence We cannot be here and there too. Cheerly, boys; be
Write a sentence Welcome, gentlemen! ladies that have their toes
Write a sentence By'r lady, thirty years.
Write a sentence What, man! 'tis not so much, 'tis not so much:
Write a sentence 'Tis more, 'tis more, his son is elder, sir;
Write a sentence Will you tell me that?
Write a sentence I know not, sir.
Write a sentence O, she doth teach the torches to burn bright!
Write a sentence This, by his voice, should be a Montague.
Write a sentence Why, how now, kinsman! wherefore storm you so?
Write a sentence Uncle, this is a Montague, our foe,
Write a sentence Young Romeo is it?
Write a sentence 'Tis he, that villain Romeo.
Write a sentence Content thee, gentle coz, let him alone;
Write a sentence It fits, when such a villain is a guest:
Write a sentence He shall be endured:
Write a sentence Why, uncle, 'tis a shame.
Write a sentence Go to, go to;
Write a sentence Patience perforce with wilful choler meeting
Write a sentence Good pilgrim, you do wrong your hand too much,
Write a sentence Have not saints lips, and holy palmers too?
Write a sentence Ay, pilgrim, lips that they must use in prayer.
Write a sentence O, then, dear saint, let lips do what hands do;
Write a sentence Saints do not move, though grant for prayers' sake.
Write a sentence Then move not, while my prayer's effect I take.
Write a sentence Then have my lips the sin that they have took.
Write a sentence Sin from thy lips? O trespass sweetly urged!
Write a sentence You kiss by the book.
Write a sentence Madam, your mother craves a word with you.
Write a sentence What is her mother?
Write a sentence Marry, bachelor,
Write a sentence Is she a Capulet?
Write a sentence Away, begone; the sport is at the best.
Write a sentence Ay, so I fear; the more is my unrest.
Write a sentence Nay, gentlemen, prepare not to be gone;
Write a sentence Come hither, nurse. What is yond gentleman?
Write a sentence The son and heir of old Tiberio.
Write a sentence What's he that now is going out of door?
Write a sentence Marry, that, I think, be young Petrucio.
Write a sentence What's he that follows there, that would not dance?
Write a sentence I know not.
Write a sentence Go ask his name: if he be married.
Write a sentence His name is Romeo, and a Montague;
Write a sentence My only love sprung from my only hate!
Write a sentence What's this? what's this?
Write a sentence A rhyme I learn'd even now
Write a sentence Anon, anon!
Write a sentence Now old desire doth in his death-bed lie,
Write a sentence Can I go forward when my heart is here?
Write a sentence Romeo! my cousin Romeo!
Write a sentence He is wise;
Write a sentence He ran this way, and leap'd this orchard wall:
Write a sentence Nay, I'll conjure too.
Write a sentence And if he hear thee, thou wilt anger him.
Write a sentence This cannot anger him: 'twould anger him
Write a sentence Come, he hath hid himself among these trees,
Write a sentence If love be blind, love cannot hit the mark.
Write a sentence Go, then; for 'tis in vain
Write a sentence He jests at scars that never felt a wound.
Write a sentence Ay me!
Write a sentence She speaks:
Write a sentence O Romeo, Romeo! wherefore art thou Romeo?
Write a sentence 'Tis but thy name that is my enemy;
Write a sentence I take thee at thy word:
Write a sentence What man art thou that thus bescreen'd in night
Write a sentence By a name
Write a sentence My ears have not yet drunk a hundred words
Write a sentence Neither, fair saint, if either thee dislike.
Write a sentence How camest thou hither, tell me, and wherefore?
Write a sentence With love's light wings did I o'er-perch these walls;
Write a sentence If they do see thee, they will murder thee.
Write a sentence Alack, there lies more peril in thine eye
Write a sentence I would not for the world they saw thee here.
Write a sentence I have night's cloak to hide me from their sight;
Write a sentence By whose direction found'st thou out this place?
Write a sentence By love, who first did prompt me to inquire;
Write a sentence Thou know'st the mask of night is on my face,
Write a sentence Lady, by yonder blessed moon I swear
Write a sentence O, swear not by the moon, the inconstant moon,
Write a sentence What shall I swear by?
Write a sentence Do not swear at all;
Write a sentence If my heart's dear love--
Write a sentence Well, do not swear: although I joy in thee,
Write a sentence O, wilt thou leave me so unsatisfied?
Write a sentence What satisfaction canst thou have to-night?
Write a sentence The exchange of thy love's faithful vow for mine.
Write a sentence I gave thee mine before thou didst request it:
Write a sentence Wouldst thou withdraw it? for what purpose, love?
Write a sentence But to be frank, and give it thee again.
Write a sentence O blessed, blessed night! I am afeard.
Write a sentence Three words, dear Romeo, and good night indeed.
Write a sentence I come, anon.--But if thou mean'st not well,
Write a sentence By and by, I come:--
Write a sentence So thrive my soul--
Write a sentence A thousand times good night!
Write a sentence A thousand times the worse, to want thy light.
Write a sentence Hist! Romeo, hist! O, for a falconer's voice,
Write a sentence It is my soul that calls upon my name:
Write a sentence Romeo!
Write a sentence My dear?
Write a sentence At what o'clock to-morrow
Write a sentence At the hour of nine.
Write a sentence I will not fail: 'tis twenty years till then.
Write a sentence Let me stand here till thou remember it.
Write a sentence I shall forget, to have thee still stand there,
Write a sentence And I'll still stay, to have thee still forget,
Write a sentence 'Tis almost morning; I would have thee gone:
Write a sentence I would I were thy bird.
Write a sentence Sweet, so would I:
Write a sentence Sleep dwell upon thine eyes, peace in thy breast!
Write a sentence The grey-eyed morn smiles on the frowning night,
Write a sentence Good morrow, father.
Write a sentence Benedicite!
Write a sentence That last is true; the sweeter rest was mine.
Write a sentence God pardon sin! wast thou with Rosaline?
Write a sentence With Rosaline, my ghostly father? no;
Write a sentence That's my good son: but where hast thou been, then?
Write a sentence I'll tell thee, ere thou ask it me again.
Write a sentence Be plain, good son, and homely in thy drift;
Write a sentence Then plainly know my heart's dear love is set
Write a sentence Holy Saint Francis, what a change is here!
Write a sentence Thou chid'st me oft for loving Rosaline.
Write a sentence For doting, not for loving, pupil mine.
Write a sentence And bad'st me bury love.
Write a sentence Not in a grave,
Write a sentence I pray thee, chide not; she whom I love now
Write a sentence O, she knew well
Write a sentence O, let us hence; I stand on sudden haste.
Write a sentence Wisely and slow; they stumble that run fast.
Write a sentence Where the devil should this Romeo be?
Write a sentence Not to his father's; I spoke with his man.
Write a sentence Ah, that same pale hard-hearted wench, that Rosaline.
Write a sentence Tybalt, the kinsman of old Capulet,
Write a sentence A challenge, on my life.
Write a sentence Romeo will answer it.
Write a sentence Any man that can write may answer a letter.
Write a sentence Nay, he will answer the letter's master, how he
Write a sentence Alas poor Romeo! he is already dead; stabbed with a
Write a sentence Why, what is Tybalt?
Write a sentence More than prince of cats, I can tell you. O, he is
Write a sentence The what?
Write a sentence The pox of such antic, lisping, affecting
Write a sentence Here comes Romeo, here comes Romeo.
Write a sentence Without his roe, like a dried herring: flesh, flesh,
Write a sentence Good morrow to you both. What counterfeit did I give you?
Write a sentence The ship, sir, the slip; can you not conceive?
Write a sentence Pardon, good Mercutio, my business was great; and in
Write a sentence That's as much as to say, such a case as yours
Write a sentence Meaning, to court'sy.
Write a sentence Thou hast most kindly hit it.
Write a sentence A most courteous exposition.
Write a sentence Nay, I am the very pink of courtesy.
Write a sentence Pink for flower.
Write a sentence Right.
Write a sentence Why, then is my pump well flowered.
Write a sentence Well said: follow me this jest now till thou hast
Write a sentence O single-soled jest, solely singular for the
Write a sentence Come between us, good Benvolio; my wits faint.
Write a sentence Switch and spurs, switch and spurs; or I'll cry a match.
Write a sentence Nay, if thy wits run the wild-goose chase, I have
Write a sentence Thou wast never with me for any thing when thou wast
Write a sentence I will bite thee by the ear for that jest.
Write a sentence Nay, good goose, bite not.
Write a sentence Thy wit is a very bitter sweeting; it is a most
Write a sentence And is it not well served in to a sweet goose?
Write a sentence O here's a wit of cheveril, that stretches from an
Write a sentence I stretch it out for that word 'broad;' which added
Write a sentence Why, is not this better now than groaning for love?
Write a sentence Stop there, stop there.
Write a sentence Thou desirest me to stop in my tale against the hair.
Write a sentence Thou wouldst else have made thy tale large.
Write a sentence O, thou art deceived; I would have made it short:
Write a sentence Here's goodly gear!
Write a sentence A sail, a sail!
Write a sentence Two, two; a shirt and a smock.
Write a sentence Peter!
Write a sentence Anon!
Write a sentence My fan, Peter.
Write a sentence Good Peter, to hide her face; for her fan's the
Write a sentence God ye good morrow, gentlemen.
Write a sentence God ye good den, fair gentlewoman.
Write a sentence Is it good den?
Write a sentence 'Tis no less, I tell you, for the bawdy hand of the
Write a sentence Out upon you! what a man are you!
Write a sentence One, gentlewoman, that God hath made for himself to
Write a sentence By my troth, it is well said; 'for himself to mar,'
Write a sentence I can tell you; but young Romeo will be older when
Write a sentence You say well.
Write a sentence Yea, is the worst well? very well took, i' faith;
Write a sentence if you be he, sir, I desire some confidence with
Write a sentence She will indite him to some supper.
Write a sentence A bawd, a bawd, a bawd! so ho!
Write a sentence What hast thou found?
Write a sentence No hare, sir; unless a hare, sir, in a lenten pie,
Write a sentence I will follow you.
Write a sentence Farewell, ancient lady; farewell,
Write a sentence Marry, farewell! I pray you, sir, what saucy
Write a sentence A gentleman, nurse, that loves to hear himself talk,
Write a sentence An a' speak any thing against me, I'll take him
Write a sentence I saw no man use you a pleasure; if I had, my weapon
Write a sentence Now, afore God, I am so vexed, that every part about
Write a sentence Nurse, commend me to thy lady and mistress. I
Write a sentence Good heart, and, i' faith, I will tell her as much:
Write a sentence What wilt thou tell her, nurse? thou dost not mark me.
Write a sentence I will tell her, sir, that you do protest; which, as
Write a sentence Bid her devise
Write a sentence No truly sir; not a penny.
Write a sentence Go to; I say you shall.
Write a sentence This afternoon, sir? well, she shall be there.
Write a sentence And stay, good nurse, behind the abbey wall:
Write a sentence Now God in heaven bless thee! Hark you, sir.
Write a sentence What say'st thou, my dear nurse?
Write a sentence Is your man secret? Did you ne'er hear say,
Write a sentence I warrant thee, my man's as true as steel.
Write a sentence Well, sir; my mistress is the sweetest lady--Lord,
Write a sentence Ay, nurse; what of that? both with an R.
Write a sentence Ah. mocker! that's the dog's name; R is for
Write a sentence Commend me to thy lady.
Write a sentence Ay, a thousand times.
Write a sentence Anon!
Write a sentence Peter, take my fan, and go before and apace.
Write a sentence The clock struck nine when I did send the nurse;
Write a sentence Peter, stay at the gate.
Write a sentence Now, good sweet nurse,--O Lord, why look'st thou sad?
Write a sentence I am a-weary, give me leave awhile:
Write a sentence I would thou hadst my bones, and I thy news:
Write a sentence Jesu, what haste? can you not stay awhile?
Write a sentence How art thou out of breath, when thou hast breath
Write a sentence Well, you have made a simple choice; you know not
Write a sentence No, no: but all this did I know before.
Write a sentence Lord, how my head aches! what a head have I!
Write a sentence I' faith, I am sorry that thou art not well.
Write a sentence Your love says, like an honest gentleman, and a
Write a sentence Where is my mother! why, she is within;
Write a sentence O God's lady dear!
Write a sentence Here's such a coil! come, what says Romeo?
Write a sentence Have you got leave to go to shrift to-day?
Write a sentence I have.
Write a sentence Then hie you hence to Friar Laurence' cell;
Write a sentence Hie to high fortune! Honest nurse, farewell.
Write a sentence So smile the heavens upon this holy act,
Write a sentence Amen, amen! but come what sorrow can,
Write a sentence These violent delights have violent ends
Write a sentence Good even to my ghostly confessor.
Write a sentence Romeo shall thank thee, daughter, for us both.
Write a sentence As much to him, else is his thanks too much.
Write a sentence Ah, Juliet, if the measure of thy joy
Write a sentence Conceit, more rich in matter than in words,
Write a sentence Come, come with me, and we will make short work;
Write a sentence I pray thee, good Mercutio, let's retire:
Write a sentence Thou art like one of those fellows that when he
Write a sentence Am I like such a fellow?
Write a sentence Come, come, thou art as hot a Jack in thy mood as
Write a sentence And what to?
Write a sentence Nay, an there were two such, we should have none
Write a sentence An I were so apt to quarrel as thou art, any man
Write a sentence The fee-simple! O simple!
Write a sentence By my head, here come the Capulets.
Write a sentence By my heel, I care not.
Write a sentence Follow me close, for I will speak to them.
Write a sentence And but one word with one of us? couple it with
Write a sentence You shall find me apt enough to that, sir, an you
Write a sentence Could you not take some occasion without giving?
Write a sentence Mercutio, thou consort'st with Romeo,--
Write a sentence Consort! what, dost thou make us minstrels? an
Write a sentence We talk here in the public haunt of men:
Write a sentence Men's eyes were made to look, and let them gaze;
Write a sentence Well, peace be with you, sir: here comes my man.
Write a sentence But I'll be hanged, sir, if he wear your livery:
Write a sentence Romeo, the hate I bear thee can afford
Write a sentence Tybalt, the reason that I have to love thee
Write a sentence Boy, this shall not excuse the injuries
Write a sentence I do protest, I never injured thee,
Write a sentence O calm, dishonourable, vile submission!
Write a sentence What wouldst thou have with me?
Write a sentence Good king of cats, nothing but one of your nine
Write a sentence I am for you.
Write a sentence Gentle Mercutio, put thy rapier up.
Write a sentence Come, sir, your passado.
Write a sentence Draw, Benvolio; beat down their weapons.
Write a sentence I am hurt.
Write a sentence What, art thou hurt?
Write a sentence Ay, ay, a scratch, a scratch; marry, 'tis enough.
Write a sentence Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
Write a sentence No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a
Write a sentence I thought all for the best.
Write a sentence Help me into some house, Benvolio,
Write a sentence This gentleman, the prince's near ally,
Write a sentence O Romeo, Romeo, brave Mercutio's dead!
Write a sentence This day's black fate on more days doth depend;
Write a sentence Here comes the furious Tybalt back again.
Write a sentence Alive, in triumph! and Mercutio slain!
Write a sentence Thou, wretched boy, that didst consort him here,
Write a sentence This shall determine that.
Write a sentence Romeo, away, be gone!
Write a sentence O, I am fortune's fool!
Write a sentence Why dost thou stay?
Write a sentence Which way ran he that kill'd Mercutio?
Write a sentence There lies that Tybalt.
Write a sentence Up, sir, go with me;
Write a sentence Where are the vile beginners of this fray?
Write a sentence O noble prince, I can discover all
Write a sentence Tybalt, my cousin! O my brother's child!
Write a sentence Benvolio, who began this bloody fray?
Write a sentence Tybalt, here slain, whom Romeo's hand did slay;
Write a sentence He is a kinsman to the Montague;
Write a sentence Romeo slew him, he slew Mercutio;
Write a sentence Not Romeo, prince, he was Mercutio's friend;
Write a sentence And for that offence
Write a sentence Gallop apace, you fiery-footed steeds,
Write a sentence Ay, ay, the cords.
Write a sentence Ay me! what news? why dost thou wring thy hands?
Write a sentence Ah, well-a-day! he's dead, he's dead, he's dead!
Write a sentence Can heaven be so envious?
Write a sentence Romeo can,
Write a sentence What devil art thou, that dost torment me thus?
Write a sentence I saw the wound, I saw it with mine eyes,--
Write a sentence O, break, my heart! poor bankrupt, break at once!
Write a sentence O Tybalt, Tybalt, the best friend I had!
Write a sentence What storm is this that blows so contrary?
Write a sentence Tybalt is gone, and Romeo banished;
Write a sentence O God! did Romeo's hand shed Tybalt's blood?
Write a sentence It did, it did; alas the day, it did!
Write a sentence O serpent heart, hid with a flowering face!
Write a sentence There's no trust,
Write a sentence Blister'd be thy tongue
Write a sentence Will you speak well of him that kill'd your cousin?
Write a sentence Shall I speak ill of him that is my husband?
Write a sentence Weeping and wailing over Tybalt's corse:
Write a sentence Wash they his wounds with tears: mine shall be spent,
Write a sentence Hie to your chamber: I'll find Romeo
Write a sentence O, find him! give this ring to my true knight,
Write a sentence Romeo, come forth; come forth, thou fearful man:
Write a sentence Father, what news? what is the prince's doom?
Write a sentence Too familiar
Write a sentence What less than dooms-day is the prince's doom?
Write a sentence A gentler judgment vanish'd from his lips,
Write a sentence Ha, banishment! be merciful, say 'death;'
Write a sentence Hence from Verona art thou banished:
Write a sentence There is no world without Verona walls,
Write a sentence O deadly sin! O rude unthankfulness!
Write a sentence 'Tis torture, and not mercy: heaven is here,
Write a sentence Thou fond mad man, hear me but speak a word.
Write a sentence O, thou wilt speak again of banishment.
Write a sentence I'll give thee armour to keep off that word:
Write a sentence Yet 'banished'? Hang up philosophy!
Write a sentence O, then I see that madmen have no ears.
Write a sentence How should they, when that wise men have no eyes?
Write a sentence Let me dispute with thee of thy estate.
Write a sentence Thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel:
Write a sentence Arise; one knocks; good Romeo, hide thyself.
Write a sentence Not I; unless the breath of heartsick groans,
Write a sentence Hark, how they knock! Who's there? Romeo, arise;
Write a sentence Welcome, then.
Write a sentence O holy friar, O, tell me, holy friar,
Write a sentence There on the ground, with his own tears made drunk.
Write a sentence O, he is even in my mistress' case,
Write a sentence Nurse!
Write a sentence Ah sir! ah sir! Well, death's the end of all.
Write a sentence Spakest thou of Juliet? how is it with her?
Write a sentence O, she says nothing, sir, but weeps and weeps;
Write a sentence As if that name,
Write a sentence Hold thy desperate hand:
Write a sentence O Lord, I could have stay'd here all the night
Write a sentence Do so, and bid my sweet prepare to chide.
Write a sentence Here, sir, a ring she bid me give you, sir:
Write a sentence How well my comfort is revived by this!
Write a sentence Go hence; good night; and here stands all your state:
Write a sentence But that a joy past joy calls out on me,
Write a sentence Things have fall'n out, sir, so unluckily,
Write a sentence These times of woe afford no time to woo.
Write a sentence I will, and know her mind early to-morrow;
Write a sentence Sir Paris, I will make a desperate tender
Write a sentence Monday, my lord,
Write a sentence Monday! ha, ha! Well, Wednesday is too soon,
Write a sentence My lord, I would that Thursday were to-morrow.
Write a sentence Well get you gone: o' Thursday be it, then.
Write a sentence Wilt thou be gone? it is not yet near day:
Write a sentence It was the lark, the herald of the morn,
Write a sentence Yon light is not day-light, I know it, I:
Write a sentence Let me be ta'en, let me be put to death;
Write a sentence It is, it is: hie hence, be gone, away!
Write a sentence More light and light; more dark and dark our woes!
Write a sentence Madam!
Write a sentence Nurse?
Write a sentence Your lady mother is coming to your chamber:
Write a sentence Then, window, let day in, and let life out.
Write a sentence Farewell, farewell! one kiss, and I'll descend.
Write a sentence Art thou gone so? love, lord, ay, husband, friend!
Write a sentence Farewell!
Write a sentence O think'st thou we shall ever meet again?
Write a sentence I doubt it not; and all these woes shall serve
Write a sentence O God, I have an ill-divining soul!
Write a sentence And trust me, love, in my eye so do you:
Write a sentence O fortune, fortune! all men call thee fickle:
Write a sentence Who is't that calls? is it my lady mother?
Write a sentence Why, how now, Juliet!
Write a sentence Madam, I am not well.
Write a sentence Evermore weeping for your cousin's death?
Write a sentence Yet let me weep for such a feeling loss.
Write a sentence So shall you feel the loss, but not the friend
Write a sentence Feeling so the loss,
Write a sentence Well, girl, thou weep'st not so much for his death,
Write a sentence What villain madam?
Write a sentence That same villain, Romeo.
Write a sentence That is, because the traitor murderer lives.
Write a sentence Ay, madam, from the reach of these my hands:
Write a sentence We will have vengeance for it, fear thou not:
Write a sentence Indeed, I never shall be satisfied
Write a sentence Find thou the means, and I'll find such a man.
Write a sentence And joy comes well in such a needy time:
Write a sentence Well, well, thou hast a careful father, child;
Write a sentence Madam, in happy time, what day is that?
Write a sentence Marry, my child, early next Thursday morn,
Write a sentence Now, by Saint Peter's Church and Peter too,
Write a sentence Here comes your father; tell him so yourself,
Write a sentence When the sun sets, the air doth drizzle dew;
Write a sentence Ay, sir; but she will none, she gives you thanks.
Write a sentence Soft! take me with you, take me with you, wife.
Write a sentence Not proud, you have; but thankful, that you have:
Write a sentence How now, how now, chop-logic! What is this?
Write a sentence Fie, fie! what, are you mad?
Write a sentence Good father, I beseech you on my knees,
Write a sentence Hang thee, young baggage! disobedient wretch!
Write a sentence God in heaven bless her!
Write a sentence And why, my lady wisdom? hold your tongue,
Write a sentence I speak no treason.
Write a sentence O, God ye god-den.
Write a sentence May not one speak?
Write a sentence Peace, you mumbling fool!
Write a sentence You are too hot.
Write a sentence God's bread! it makes me mad:
Write a sentence Is there no pity sitting in the clouds,
Write a sentence Talk not to me, for I'll not speak a word:
Write a sentence O God!--O nurse, how shall this be prevented?
Write a sentence Faith, here it is.
Write a sentence Speakest thou from thy heart?
Write a sentence And from my soul too;
Write a sentence Amen!
Write a sentence What?
Write a sentence Well, thou hast comforted me marvellous much.
Write a sentence Marry, I will; and this is wisely done.
Write a sentence Ancient damnation! O most wicked fiend!
Write a sentence On Thursday, sir? the time is very short.
Write a sentence My father Capulet will have it so;
Write a sentence You say you do not know the lady's mind:
Write a sentence Immoderately she weeps for Tybalt's death,
Write a sentence Happily met, my lady and my wife!
Write a sentence That may be, sir, when I may be a wife.
Write a sentence That may be must be, love, on Thursday next.
Write a sentence What must be shall be.
Write a sentence That's a certain text.
Write a sentence Come you to make confession to this father?
Write a sentence To answer that, I should confess to you.
Write a sentence Do not deny to him that you love me.
Write a sentence I will confess to you that I love him.
Write a sentence So will ye, I am sure, that you love me.
Write a sentence If I do so, it will be of more price,
Write a sentence Poor soul, thy face is much abused with tears.
Write a sentence The tears have got small victory by that;
Write a sentence Thou wrong'st it, more than tears, with that report.
Write a sentence That is no slander, sir, which is a truth;
Write a sentence Thy face is mine, and thou hast slander'd it.
Write a sentence It may be so, for it is not mine own.
Write a sentence My leisure serves me, pensive daughter, now.
Write a sentence God shield I should disturb devotion!
Write a sentence O shut the door! and when thou hast done so,
Write a sentence Ah, Juliet, I already know thy grief;
Write a sentence Tell me not, friar, that thou hear'st of this,
Write a sentence Hold, daughter: I do spy a kind of hope,
Write a sentence O, bid me leap, rather than marry Paris,
Write a sentence Hold, then; go home, be merry, give consent
Write a sentence Give me, give me! O, tell not me of fear!
Write a sentence Hold; get you gone, be strong and prosperous
Write a sentence Love give me strength! and strength shall help afford.
Write a sentence So many guests invite as here are writ.
Write a sentence You shall have none ill, sir; for I'll try if they
Write a sentence How canst thou try them so?
Write a sentence Marry, sir, 'tis an ill cook that cannot lick his
Write a sentence Go, be gone.
Write a sentence Ay, forsooth.
Write a sentence Well, he may chance to do some good on her:
Write a sentence See where she comes from shrift with merry look.
Write a sentence How now, my headstrong! where have you been gadding?
Write a sentence Where I have learn'd me to repent the sin
Write a sentence Send for the county; go tell him of this:
Write a sentence I met the youthful lord at Laurence' cell;
Write a sentence Why, I am glad on't; this is well: stand up:
Write a sentence Nurse, will you go with me into my closet,
Write a sentence No, not till Thursday; there is time enough.
Write a sentence Go, nurse, go with her: we'll to church to-morrow.
Write a sentence We shall be short in our provision:
Write a sentence Tush, I will stir about,
Write a sentence Ay, those attires are best: but, gentle nurse,
Write a sentence What, are you busy, ho? need you my help?
Write a sentence No, madam; we have cull'd such necessaries
Write a sentence Good night:
Write a sentence Farewell! God knows when we shall meet again.
Write a sentence Hold, take these keys, and fetch more spices, nurse.
Write a sentence They call for dates and quinces in the pastry.
Write a sentence Come, stir, stir, stir! the second cock hath crow'd,
Write a sentence Go, you cot-quean, go,
Write a sentence No, not a whit: what! I have watch'd ere now
Write a sentence Ay, you have been a mouse-hunt in your time;
Write a sentence A jealous hood, a jealous hood!
Write a sentence Things for the cook, sir; but I know not what.
Write a sentence Make haste, make haste.
Write a sentence I have a head, sir, that will find out logs,
Write a sentence Mass, and well said; a merry whoreson, ha!
Write a sentence Mistress! what, mistress! Juliet! fast, I warrant her, she:
Write a sentence What noise is here?
Write a sentence O lamentable day!
Write a sentence What is the matter?
Write a sentence Look, look! O heavy day!
Write a sentence O me, O me! My child, my only life,
Write a sentence For shame, bring Juliet forth; her lord is come.
Write a sentence She's dead, deceased, she's dead; alack the day!
Write a sentence Alack the day, she's dead, she's dead, she's dead!
Write a sentence Ha! let me see her: out, alas! she's cold:
Write a sentence O lamentable day!
Write a sentence O woful time!
Write a sentence Death, that hath ta'en her hence to make me wail,
Write a sentence Come, is the bride ready to go to church?
Write a sentence Ready to go, but never to return.
Write a sentence Have I thought long to see this morning's face,
Write a sentence Accursed, unhappy, wretched, hateful day!
Write a sentence O woe! O woful, woful, woful day!
Write a sentence Beguiled, divorced, wronged, spited, slain!
Write a sentence Despised, distressed, hated, martyr'd, kill'd!
Write a sentence Peace, ho, for shame! confusion's cure lives not
Write a sentence All things that we ordained festival,
Write a sentence Sir, go you in; and, madam, go with him;
Write a sentence Faith, we may put up our pipes, and be gone.
Write a sentence Honest goodfellows, ah, put up, put up;
Write a sentence Ay, by my troth, the case may be amended.
Write a sentence Musicians, O, musicians, 'Heart's ease, Heart's
Write a sentence Why 'Heart's ease?'
Write a sentence O, musicians, because my heart itself plays 'My
Write a sentence Not a dump we; 'tis no time to play now.
Write a sentence You will not, then?
Write a sentence No.
Write a sentence I will then give it you soundly.
Write a sentence What will you give us?
Write a sentence No money, on my faith, but the gleek;
Write a sentence Then I will give you the serving-creature.
Write a sentence Then will I lay the serving-creature's dagger on
Write a sentence An you re us and fa us, you note us.
Write a sentence Pray you, put up your dagger, and put out your wit.
Write a sentence Then have at you with my wit! I will dry-beat you
Write a sentence Marry, sir, because silver hath a sweet sound.
Write a sentence Pretty! What say you, Hugh Rebeck?
Write a sentence I say 'silver sound,' because musicians sound for silver.
Write a sentence Pretty too! What say you, James Soundpost?
Write a sentence Faith, I know not what to say.
Write a sentence O, I cry you mercy; you are the singer: I will say
Write a sentence What a pestilent knave is this same!
Write a sentence Hang him, Jack! Come, we'll in here; tarry for the
Write a sentence If I may trust the flattering truth of sleep,
Write a sentence Then she is well, and nothing can be ill:
Write a sentence Is it even so? then I defy you, stars!
Write a sentence I do beseech you, sir, have patience:
Write a sentence Tush, thou art deceived:
Write a sentence No, my good lord.
Write a sentence No matter: get thee gone,
Write a sentence Who calls so loud?
Write a sentence Come hither, man. I see that thou art poor:
Write a sentence Such mortal drugs I have; but Mantua's law
Write a sentence Art thou so bare and full of wretchedness,
Write a sentence My poverty, but not my will, consents.
Write a sentence I pay thy poverty, and not thy will.
Write a sentence Put this in any liquid thing you will,
Write a sentence There is thy gold, worse poison to men's souls,
Write a sentence Holy Franciscan friar! brother, ho!
Write a sentence This same should be the voice of Friar John.
Write a sentence Going to find a bare-foot brother out
Write a sentence Who bare my letter, then, to Romeo?
Write a sentence I could not send it,--here it is again,--
Write a sentence Unhappy fortune! by my brotherhood,
Write a sentence Brother, I'll go and bring it thee.
Write a sentence Now must I to the monument alone;
Write a sentence Give me thy torch, boy: hence, and stand aloof:
Write a sentence Sweet flower, with flowers thy bridal bed I strew,--
Write a sentence Give me that mattock and the wrenching iron.
Write a sentence I will be gone, sir, and not trouble you.
Write a sentence So shalt thou show me friendship. Take thou that:
Write a sentence Thou detestable maw, thou womb of death,
Write a sentence This is that banish'd haughty Montague,
Write a sentence I must indeed; and therefore came I hither.
Write a sentence I do defy thy conjurations,
Write a sentence Wilt thou provoke me? then have at thee, boy!
Write a sentence O Lord, they fight! I will go call the watch.
Write a sentence O, I am slain!
Write a sentence In faith, I will. Let me peruse this face.
Write a sentence Saint Francis be my speed! how oft to-night
Write a sentence Here's one, a friend, and one that knows you well.
Write a sentence Bliss be upon you! Tell me, good my friend,
Write a sentence It doth so, holy sir; and there's my master,
Write a sentence Who is it?
Write a sentence Romeo.
Write a sentence How long hath he been there?
Write a sentence Full half an hour.
Write a sentence Go with me to the vault.
Write a sentence I dare not, sir
Write a sentence Stay, then; I'll go alone. Fear comes upon me:
Write a sentence As I did sleep under this yew-tree here,
Write a sentence Romeo!
Write a sentence O comfortable friar! where is my lord?
Write a sentence I hear some noise. Lady, come from that nest
Write a sentence Go, get thee hence, for I will not away.
Write a sentence Yea, noise? then I'll be brief. O happy dagger!
Write a sentence This is the place; there, where the torch doth burn.
Write a sentence The ground is bloody; search about the churchyard:
Write a sentence Here's Romeo's man; we found him in the churchyard.
Write a sentence Hold him in safety, till the prince come hither.
Write a sentence Here is a friar, that trembles, sighs and weeps:
Write a sentence A great suspicion: stay the friar too.
Write a sentence What misadventure is so early up,
Write a sentence What should it be, that they so shriek abroad?
Write a sentence The people in the street cry Romeo,
Write a sentence What fear is this which startles in our ears?
Write a sentence Sovereign, here lies the County Paris slain;
Write a sentence Search, seek, and know how this foul murder comes.
Write a sentence Here is a friar, and slaughter'd Romeo's man;
Write a sentence O heavens! O wife, look how our daughter bleeds!
Write a sentence O me! this sight of death is as a bell,
Write a sentence Come, Montague; for thou art early up,
Write a sentence Alas, my liege, my wife is dead to-night;
Write a sentence Look, and thou shalt see.
Write a sentence O thou untaught! what manners is in this?
Write a sentence Seal up the mouth of outrage for a while,
Write a sentence I am the greatest, able to do least,
Write a sentence Then say at once what thou dost know in this.
Write a sentence I will be brief, for my short date of breath
Write a sentence We still have known thee for a holy man.
Write a sentence I brought my master news of Juliet's death;
Write a sentence Give me the letter; I will look on it.
Write a sentence He came with flowers to strew his lady's grave;
Write a sentence This letter doth make good the friar's words,
Write a sentence O brother Montague, give me thy hand:
Write a sentence But I can give thee more:
Write a sentence As rich shall Romeo's by his lady's lie;
Write a sentence A glooming peace this morning with it brings;
Write a sentence I wonder how the king escaped our hands.
Write a sentence While we pursued the horsemen of the north,
Write a sentence Lord Stafford's father, Duke of Buckingham,
Write a sentence And, brother, here's the Earl of Wiltshire's blood,
Write a sentence Speak thou for me and tell them what I did.
Write a sentence Richard hath best deserved of all my sons.
Write a sentence Such hope have all the line of John of Gaunt!
Write a sentence Thus do I hope to shake King Henry's head.
Write a sentence And so do I. Victorious Prince of York,
Write a sentence Assist me, then, sweet Warwick, and I will;
Write a sentence We'll all assist you; he that flies shall die.
Write a sentence Thanks, gentle Norfolk: stay by me, my lords;
Write a sentence And when the king comes, offer no violence,
Write a sentence The queen this day here holds her parliament,
Write a sentence Arm'd as we are, let's stay within this house.
Write a sentence The bloody parliament shall this be call'd,
Write a sentence Then leave me not, my lords; be resolute;
Write a sentence Neither the king, nor he that loves him best,
Write a sentence My lords, look where the sturdy rebel sits,
Write a sentence If I be not, heavens be revenged on me!
Write a sentence The hope thereof makes Clifford mourn in steel.
Write a sentence What, shall we suffer this? let's pluck him down:
Write a sentence Be patient, gentle Earl of Westmoreland.
Write a sentence Patience is for poltroons, such as he:
Write a sentence Well hast thou spoken, cousin: be it so.
Write a sentence Ah, know you not the city favours them,
Write a sentence But when the duke is slain, they'll quickly fly.
Write a sentence Far be the thought of this from Henry's heart,
Write a sentence I am thine.
Write a sentence For shame, come down: he made thee Duke of York.
Write a sentence 'Twas my inheritance, as the earldom was.
Write a sentence Thy father was a traitor to the crown.
Write a sentence Exeter, thou art a traitor to the crown
Write a sentence Whom should he follow but his natural king?
Write a sentence True, Clifford; and that's Richard Duke of York.
Write a sentence And shall I stand, and thou sit in my throne?
Write a sentence It must and shall be so: content thyself.
Write a sentence Be Duke of Lancaster; let him be king.
Write a sentence He is both king and Duke of Lancaster;
Write a sentence And Warwick shall disprove it. You forget
Write a sentence Yes, Warwick, I remember it to my grief;
Write a sentence Plantagenet, of thee and these thy sons,
Write a sentence Urge it no more; lest that, instead of words,
Write a sentence Poor Clifford! how I scorn his worthless threats!
Write a sentence Will you we show our title to the crown?
Write a sentence What title hast thou, traitor, to the crown?
Write a sentence Talk not of France, sith thou hast lost it all.
Write a sentence The lord protector lost it, and not I:
Write a sentence You are old enough now, and yet, methinks, you lose.
Write a sentence Sweet father, do so; set it on your head.
Write a sentence Good brother, as thou lovest and honourest arms,
Write a sentence Sound drums and trumpets, and the king will fly.
Write a sentence Sons, peace!
Write a sentence Peace, thou! and give King Henry leave to speak.
Write a sentence Plantagenet shall speak first: hear him, lords;
Write a sentence Think'st thou that I will leave my kingly throne,
Write a sentence Prove it, Henry, and thou shalt be king.
Write a sentence Henry the Fourth by conquest got the crown.
Write a sentence 'Twas by rebellion against his king.
Write a sentence What then?
Write a sentence An if he may, then am I lawful king;
Write a sentence He rose against him, being his sovereign,
Write a sentence Suppose, my lords, he did it unconstrain'd,
Write a sentence No; for he could not so resign his crown
Write a sentence Art thou against us, Duke of Exeter?
Write a sentence His is the right, and therefore pardon me.
Write a sentence Why whisper you, my lords, and answer not?
Write a sentence My conscience tells me he is lawful king.
Write a sentence Plantagenet, for all the claim thou lay'st,
Write a sentence Deposed he shall be, in despite of all.
Write a sentence Thou art deceived: 'tis not thy southern power,
Write a sentence King Henry, be thy title right or wrong,
Write a sentence O Clifford, how thy words revive my heart!
Write a sentence Henry of Lancaster, resign thy crown.
Write a sentence Do right unto this princely Duke of York,
Write a sentence My Lord of Warwick, hear me but one word:
Write a sentence Confirm the crown to me and to mine heirs,
Write a sentence I am content: Richard Plantagenet,
Write a sentence What wrong is this unto the prince your son!
Write a sentence What good is this to England and himself!
Write a sentence Base, fearful and despairing Henry!
Write a sentence How hast thou injured both thyself and us!
Write a sentence I cannot stay to hear these articles.
Write a sentence Nor I.
Write a sentence Come, cousin, let us tell the queen these news.
Write a sentence Farewell, faint-hearted and degenerate king,
Write a sentence Be thou a prey unto the house of York,
Write a sentence In dreadful war mayst thou be overcome,
Write a sentence Turn this way, Henry, and regard them not.
Write a sentence They seek revenge and therefore will not yield.
Write a sentence Ah, Exeter!
Write a sentence Why should you sigh, my lord?
Write a sentence Not for myself, Lord Warwick, but my son,
Write a sentence This oath I willingly take and will perform.
Write a sentence Long live King Henry! Plantagenet embrace him.
Write a sentence And long live thou and these thy forward sons!
Write a sentence Now York and Lancaster are reconciled.
Write a sentence Accursed be he that seeks to make them foes!
Write a sentence Farewell, my gracious lord; I'll to my castle.
Write a sentence And I'll keep London with my soldiers.
Write a sentence And I to Norfolk with my followers.
Write a sentence And I unto the sea from whence I came.
Write a sentence And I, with grief and sorrow, to the court.
Write a sentence Here comes the queen, whose looks bewray her anger:
Write a sentence Exeter, so will I.
Write a sentence Nay, go not from me; I will follow thee.
Write a sentence Be patient, gentle queen, and I will stay.
Write a sentence Who can be patient in such extremes?
Write a sentence Father, you cannot disinherit me:
Write a sentence Pardon me, Margaret; pardon me, sweet son:
Write a sentence Enforced thee! art thou king, and wilt be forced?
Write a sentence Stay, gentle Margaret, and hear me speak.
Write a sentence Thou hast spoke too much already: get thee gone.
Write a sentence Gentle son Edward, thou wilt stay with me?
Write a sentence Ay, to be murder'd by his enemies.
Write a sentence When I return with victory from the field
Write a sentence Come, son, away; we may not linger thus.
Write a sentence Poor queen! how love to me and to her son
Write a sentence And I, I hope, shall reconcile them all.
Write a sentence Brother, though I be youngest, give me leave.
Write a sentence No, I can better play the orator.
Write a sentence But I have reasons strong and forcible.
Write a sentence Why, how now, sons and brother! at a strife?
Write a sentence No quarrel, but a slight contention.
Write a sentence About what?
Write a sentence About that which concerns your grace and us;
Write a sentence Mine boy? not till King Henry be dead.
Write a sentence Your right depends not on his life or death.
Write a sentence Now you are heir, therefore enjoy it now:
Write a sentence I took an oath that he should quietly reign.
Write a sentence But for a kingdom any oath may be broken:
Write a sentence No; God forbid your grace should be forsworn.
Write a sentence I shall be, if I claim by open war.
Write a sentence I'll prove the contrary, if you'll hear me speak.
Write a sentence Thou canst not, son; it is impossible.
Write a sentence An oath is of no moment, being not took
Write a sentence Richard, enough; I will be king, or die.
Write a sentence The queen with all the northern earls and lords
Write a sentence Ay, with my sword. What! think'st thou that we fear them?
Write a sentence Brother, I go; I'll win them, fear it not:
Write a sentence She shall not need; we'll meet her in the field.
Write a sentence What, with five thousand men?
Write a sentence Ay, with five hundred, father, for a need:
Write a sentence I hear their drums: let's set our men in order,
Write a sentence Five men to twenty! though the odds be great,
Write a sentence Ah, whither shall I fly to 'scape their hands?
Write a sentence Chaplain, away! thy priesthood saves thy life.
Write a sentence And I, my lord, will bear him company.
Write a sentence Soldiers, away with him!
Write a sentence Ah, Clifford, murder not this innocent child,
Write a sentence How now! is he dead already? or is it fear
Write a sentence So looks the pent-up lion o'er the wretch
Write a sentence In vain thou speak'st, poor boy; my father's blood
Write a sentence Then let my father's blood open it again:
Write a sentence Had thy brethren here, their lives and thine
Write a sentence O, let me pray before I take my death!
Write a sentence Such pity as my rapier's point affords.
Write a sentence I never did thee harm: why wilt thou slay me?
Write a sentence Thy father hath.
Write a sentence But 'twas ere I was born.
Write a sentence No cause!
Write a sentence Di faciant laudis summa sit ista tuae!
Write a sentence Plantagenet! I come, Plantagenet!
Write a sentence The army of the queen hath got the field:
Write a sentence Yield to our mercy, proud Plantagenet.
Write a sentence Ay, to such mercy as his ruthless arm,
Write a sentence My ashes, as the phoenix, may bring forth
Write a sentence So cowards fight when they can fly no further;
Write a sentence O Clifford, but bethink thee once again,
Write a sentence I will not bandy with thee word for word,
Write a sentence Hold, valiant Clifford! for a thousand causes
Write a sentence Hold, Clifford! do not honour him so much
Write a sentence Ay, ay, so strives the woodcock with the gin.
Write a sentence So doth the cony struggle in the net.
Write a sentence So triumph thieves upon their conquer'd booty;
Write a sentence What would your grace have done unto him now?
Write a sentence Brave warriors, Clifford and Northumberland,
Write a sentence That is my office, for my father's sake.
Write a sentence Nay, stay; lets hear the orisons he makes.
Write a sentence She-wolf of France, but worse than wolves of France,
Write a sentence Beshrew me, but his passion moves me so
Write a sentence That face of his the hungry cannibals
Write a sentence Had he been slaughter-man to all my kin,
Write a sentence What, weeping-ripe, my Lord Northumberland?
Write a sentence Here's for my oath, here's for my father's death.
Write a sentence And here's to right our gentle-hearted king.
Write a sentence Open Thy gate of mercy, gracious God!
Write a sentence Off with his head, and set it on York gates;
Write a sentence I wonder how our princely father 'scaped,
Write a sentence I cannot joy, until I be resolved
Write a sentence Dazzle mine eyes, or do I see three suns?
Write a sentence Three glorious suns, each one a perfect sun;
Write a sentence 'Tis wondrous strange, the like yet never heard of.
Write a sentence Nay, bear three daughters: by your leave I speak it,
Write a sentence Ah, one that was a woful looker-on
Write a sentence O, speak no more, for I have heard too much.
Write a sentence Say how he died, for I will hear it all.
Write a sentence Environed he was with many foes,
Write a sentence Sweet Duke of York, our prop to lean upon,
Write a sentence I cannot weep; for all my body's moisture
Write a sentence His name that valiant duke hath left with thee;
Write a sentence Nay, if thou be that princely eagle's bird,
Write a sentence How now, fair lords! What fare? what news abroad?
Write a sentence Great Lord of Warwick, if we should recount
Write a sentence O Warwick, Warwick! that Plantagenet,
Write a sentence Ten days ago I drown'd these news in tears;
Write a sentence Where is the Duke of Norfolk, gentle Warwick?
Write a sentence Some six miles off the duke is with the soldiers;
Write a sentence 'Twas odds, belike, when valiant Warwick fled:
Write a sentence Nor now my scandal, Richard, dost thou hear;
Write a sentence I know it well, Lord Warwick; blame me not:
Write a sentence Why, therefore Warwick came to seek you out;
Write a sentence Ay, now methinks I hear great Warwick speak:
Write a sentence Lord Warwick, on thy shoulder will I lean;
Write a sentence No longer Earl of March, but Duke of York:
Write a sentence Then, Clifford, were thy heart as hard as steel,
Write a sentence Then strike up drums: God and Saint George for us!
Write a sentence How now! what news?
Write a sentence The Duke of Norfolk sends you word by me,
Write a sentence Why then it sorts, brave warriors, let's away.
Write a sentence Welcome, my lord, to this brave town of York.
Write a sentence Ay, as the rocks cheer them that fear their wreck:
Write a sentence My gracious liege, this too much lenity
Write a sentence Full well hath Clifford play'd the orator,
Write a sentence My lord, cheer up your spirits: our foes are nigh,
Write a sentence Edward Plantagenet, arise a knight;
Write a sentence My gracious father, by your kingly leave,
Write a sentence Why, that is spoken like a toward prince.
Write a sentence Royal commanders, be in readiness:
Write a sentence I would your highness would depart the field:
Write a sentence Ay, good my lord, and leave us to our fortune.
Write a sentence Why, that's my fortune too; therefore I'll stay.
Write a sentence Be it with resolution then to fight.
Write a sentence My royal father, cheer these noble lords
Write a sentence Now, perjured Henry! wilt thou kneel for grace,
Write a sentence Go, rate thy minions, proud insulting boy!
Write a sentence I am his king, and he should bow his knee;
Write a sentence And reason too:
Write a sentence Are you there, butcher? O, I cannot speak!
Write a sentence Ay, crook-back, here I stand to answer thee,
Write a sentence 'Twas you that kill'd young Rutland, was it not?
Write a sentence Ay, and old York, and yet not satisfied.
Write a sentence For God's sake, lords, give signal to the fight.
Write a sentence What say'st thou, Henry, wilt thou yield the crown?
Write a sentence Why, how now, long-tongued Warwick! dare you speak?
Write a sentence Then 'twas my turn to fly, and now 'tis thine.
Write a sentence You said so much before, and yet you fled.
Write a sentence 'Twas not your valour, Clifford, drove me thence.
Write a sentence No, nor your manhood that durst make you stay.
Write a sentence Northumberland, I hold thee reverently.
Write a sentence I slew thy father, call'st thou him a child?
Write a sentence Ay, like a dastard and a treacherous coward,
Write a sentence Have done with words, my lords, and hear me speak.
Write a sentence Defy them then, or else hold close thy lips.
Write a sentence I prithee, give no limits to my tongue:
Write a sentence My liege, the wound that bred this meeting here
Write a sentence Then, executioner, unsheathe thy sword:
Write a sentence Say, Henry, shall I have my right, or no?
Write a sentence If thou deny, their blood upon thy head;
Write a sentence If that be right which Warwick says is right,
Write a sentence Whoever got thee, there thy mother stands;
Write a sentence But thou art neither like thy sire nor dam;
Write a sentence Iron of Naples hid with English gilt,
Write a sentence A wisp of straw were worth a thousand crowns,
Write a sentence But when we saw our sunshine made thy spring,
Write a sentence And, in this resolution, I defy thee;
Write a sentence Stay, Edward.
Write a sentence No, wrangling woman, we'll no longer stay:
Write a sentence Forspent with toil, as runners with a race,
Write a sentence Smile, gentle heaven! or strike, ungentle death!
Write a sentence How now, my lord! what hap? what hope of good?
Write a sentence Our hap is loss, our hope but sad despair;
Write a sentence Bootless is flight, they follow us with wings;
Write a sentence Ah, Warwick, why hast thou withdrawn thyself?
Write a sentence Then let the earth be drunken with our blood:
Write a sentence O Warwick, I do bend my knee with thine;
Write a sentence Brother, give me thy hand; and, gentle Warwick,
Write a sentence Away, away! Once more, sweet lords farewell.
Write a sentence Yet let us all together to our troops,
Write a sentence Now, Clifford, I have singled thee alone:
Write a sentence Now, Richard, I am with thee here alone:
Write a sentence Nay Warwick, single out some other chase;
Write a sentence This battle fares like to the morning's war,
Write a sentence Ill blows the wind that profits nobody.
Write a sentence O piteous spectacle! O bloody times!
Write a sentence Thou that so stoutly hast resisted me,
Write a sentence Woe above woe! grief more than common grief!
Write a sentence How will my mother for a father's death
Write a sentence How will my wife for slaughter of my son
Write a sentence How will the country for these woful chances
Write a sentence Was ever son so rued a father's death?
Write a sentence Was ever father so bemoan'd his son?
Write a sentence Was ever king so grieved for subjects' woe?
Write a sentence I'll bear thee hence, where I may weep my fill.
Write a sentence These arms of mine shall be thy winding-sheet;
Write a sentence Sad-hearted men, much overgone with care,
Write a sentence Fly, father, fly! for all your friends are fled,
Write a sentence Mount you, my lord; towards Berwick post amain:
Write a sentence Away! for vengeance comes along with them:
Write a sentence Nay, take me with thee, good sweet Exeter:
Write a sentence Here burns my candle out; ay, here it dies,
Write a sentence Now breathe we, lords: good fortune bids us pause,
Write a sentence No, 'tis impossible he should escape,
Write a sentence Whose soul is that which takes her heavy leave?
Write a sentence A deadly groan, like life and death's departing.
Write a sentence See who it is: and, now the battle's ended,
Write a sentence Revoke that doom of mercy, for 'tis Clifford;
Write a sentence From off the gates of York fetch down the head,
Write a sentence Bring forth that fatal screech-owl to our house,
Write a sentence I think his understanding is bereft.
Write a sentence O, would he did! and so perhaps he doth:
Write a sentence If so thou think'st, vex him with eager words.
Write a sentence Clifford, ask mercy and obtain no grace.
Write a sentence Clifford, repent in bootless penitence.
Write a sentence Clifford, devise excuses for thy faults.
Write a sentence While we devise fell tortures for thy faults.
Write a sentence Thou didst love York, and I am son to York.
Write a sentence Thou pitied'st Rutland; I will pity thee.
Write a sentence Where's Captain Margaret, to fence you now?
Write a sentence They mock thee, Clifford: swear as thou wast wont.
Write a sentence What, not an oath? nay, then the world goes hard
Write a sentence Ay, but he's dead: off with the traitor's head,
Write a sentence Even as thou wilt, sweet Warwick, let it be;
Write a sentence Let me be Duke of Clarence, George of Gloucester;
Write a sentence Tut, that's a foolish observation:
Write a sentence Under this thick-grown brake we'll shroud ourselves;
Write a sentence I'll stay above the hill, so both may shoot.
Write a sentence That cannot be; the noise of thy cross-bow
Write a sentence Here comes a man; let's stay till he be past.
Write a sentence From Scotland am I stol'n, even of pure love,
Write a sentence Ay, here's a deer whose skin's a keeper's fee:
Write a sentence Let me embrace thee, sour adversity,
Write a sentence Why linger we? let us lay hands upon him.
Write a sentence Forbear awhile; we'll hear a little more.
Write a sentence My queen and son are gone to France for aid;
Write a sentence Say, what art thou that talk'st of kings and queens?
Write a sentence More than I seem, and less than I was born to:
Write a sentence Ay, but thou talk'st as if thou wert a king.
Write a sentence Why, so I am, in mind; and that's enough.
Write a sentence But, if thou be a king, where is thy crown?
Write a sentence My crown is in my heart, not on my head;
Write a sentence Well, if you be a king crown'd with content,
Write a sentence But did you never swear, and break an oath?
Write a sentence No, never such an oath; nor will not now.
Write a sentence Where did you dwell when I was King of England?
Write a sentence Here in this country, where we now remain.
Write a sentence I was anointed king at nine months old;
Write a sentence No;
Write a sentence Why, am I dead? do I not breathe a man?
Write a sentence We are true subjects to the king, King Edward.
Write a sentence So would you be again to Henry,
Write a sentence We charge you, in God's name, and the king's,
Write a sentence In God's name, lead; your king's name be obey'd:
Write a sentence Brother of Gloucester, at Saint Alban's field
Write a sentence Your highness shall do well to grant her suit;
Write a sentence It were no less; but yet I'll make a pause.
Write a sentence Widow, we will consider of your suit;
Write a sentence Right gracious lord, I cannot brook delay:
Write a sentence How many children hast thou, widow? tell me.
Write a sentence Three, my most gracious lord.
Write a sentence 'Twere pity they should lose their father's lands.
Write a sentence Be pitiful, dread lord, and grant it then.
Write a sentence Lords, give us leave: I'll try this widow's wit.
Write a sentence Now tell me, madam, do you love your children?
Write a sentence Ay, full as dearly as I love myself.
Write a sentence And would you not do much to do them good?
Write a sentence To do them good, I would sustain some harm.
Write a sentence Then get your husband's lands, to do them good.
Write a sentence Therefore I came unto your majesty.
Write a sentence I'll tell you how these lands are to be got.
Write a sentence So shall you bind me to your highness' service.
Write a sentence What service wilt thou do me, if I give them?
Write a sentence What you command, that rests in me to do.
Write a sentence But you will take exceptions to my boon.
Write a sentence No, gracious lord, except I cannot do it.
Write a sentence Ay, but thou canst do what I mean to ask.
Write a sentence Why, then I will do what your grace commands.
Write a sentence Why stops my lord, shall I not hear my task?
Write a sentence An easy task; 'tis but to love a king.
Write a sentence That's soon perform'd, because I am a subject.
Write a sentence Why, then, thy husband's lands I freely give thee.
Write a sentence I take my leave with many thousand thanks.
Write a sentence But stay thee, 'tis the fruits of love I mean.
Write a sentence The fruits of love I mean, my loving liege.
Write a sentence Ay, but, I fear me, in another sense.
Write a sentence My love till death, my humble thanks, my prayers;
Write a sentence No, by my troth, I did not mean such love.
Write a sentence Why, then you mean not as I thought you did.
Write a sentence But now you partly may perceive my mind.
Write a sentence My mind will never grant what I perceive
Write a sentence To tell thee plain, I aim to lie with thee.
Write a sentence To tell you plain, I had rather lie in prison.
Write a sentence Why, then thou shalt not have thy husband's lands.
Write a sentence Why, then mine honesty shall be my dower;
Write a sentence Therein thou wrong'st thy children mightily.
Write a sentence Herein your highness wrongs both them and me.
Write a sentence Ay, if thou wilt say 'ay' to my request;
Write a sentence Then, no, my lord. My suit is at an end.
Write a sentence 'Tis better said than done, my gracious lord:
Write a sentence Sweet widow, by my state I swear to thee
Write a sentence And that is more than I will yield unto:
Write a sentence You cavil, widow: I did mean, my queen.
Write a sentence 'Twill grieve your grace my sons should call you father.
Write a sentence No more than when my daughters call thee mother.
Write a sentence Brothers, you muse what chat we two have had.
Write a sentence The widow likes it not, for she looks very sad.
Write a sentence You'll think it strange if I should marry her.
Write a sentence To whom, my lord?
Write a sentence Why, Clarence, to myself.
Write a sentence That would be ten days' wonder at the least.
Write a sentence That's a day longer than a wonder lasts.
Write a sentence By so much is the wonder in extremes.
Write a sentence Well, jest on, brothers: I can tell you both
Write a sentence My gracious lord, Henry your foe is taken,
Write a sentence See that he be convey'd unto the Tower:
Write a sentence Ay, Edward will use women honourably.
Write a sentence Fair Queen of England, worthy Margaret,
Write a sentence No, mighty King of France: now Margaret
Write a sentence Why, say, fair queen, whence springs this deep despair?
Write a sentence From such a cause as fills mine eyes with tears
Write a sentence Whate'er it be, be thou still like thyself,
Write a sentence Those gracious words revive my drooping thoughts
Write a sentence Renowned queen, with patience calm the storm,
Write a sentence The more we stay, the stronger grows our foe.
Write a sentence The more I stay, the more I'll succor thee.
Write a sentence O, but impatience waiteth on true sorrow.
Write a sentence What's he approacheth boldly to our presence?
Write a sentence Our Earl of Warwick, Edward's greatest friend.
Write a sentence Welcome, brave Warwick! What brings thee to France?
Write a sentence Ay, now begins a second storm to rise;
Write a sentence From worthy Edward, King of Albion,
Write a sentence King Lewis and Lady Bona, hear me speak,
Write a sentence Injurious Margaret!
Write a sentence And why not queen?
Write a sentence Because thy father Henry did usurp;
Write a sentence Then Warwick disannuls great John of Gaunt,
Write a sentence Oxford, how haps it, in this smooth discourse,
Write a sentence Why, Warwick, canst thou speak against thy liege,
Write a sentence Can Oxford, that did ever fence the right,
Write a sentence Call him my king by whose injurious doom
Write a sentence And I the house of York.
Write a sentence Queen Margaret, Prince Edward, and Oxford,
Write a sentence Heavens grant that Warwick's words bewitch him not!
Write a sentence Now Warwick, tell me, even upon thy conscience,
Write a sentence Thereon I pawn my credit and mine honour.
Write a sentence But is he gracious in the people's eye?
Write a sentence The more that Henry was unfortunate.
Write a sentence Then further, all dissembling set aside,
Write a sentence Such it seems
Write a sentence Now, sister, let us hear your firm resolve.
Write a sentence Your grant, or your denial, shall be mine:
Write a sentence Then, Warwick, thus: our sister shall be Edward's;
Write a sentence To Edward, but not to the English king.
Write a sentence Deceitful Warwick! it was thy device
Write a sentence And still is friend to him and Margaret:
Write a sentence Henry now lives in Scotland at his ease,
Write a sentence Peace, impudent and shameless Warwick, peace,
Write a sentence Warwick, this is some post to us or thee.
Write a sentence I like it well that our fair queen and mistress
Write a sentence Nay, mark how Lewis stamps, as he were nettled:
Write a sentence Warwick, what are thy news? and yours, fair queen?
Write a sentence Mine, such as fill my heart with unhoped joys.
Write a sentence Mine, full of sorrow and heart's discontent.
Write a sentence What! has your king married the Lady Grey!
Write a sentence I told your majesty as much before:
Write a sentence King Lewis, I here protest, in sight of heaven,
Write a sentence Warwick, these words have turn'd my hate to love;
Write a sentence So much his friend, ay, his unfeigned friend,
Write a sentence Dear brother, how shall Bona be revenged
Write a sentence Renowned prince, how shall poor Henry live,
Write a sentence My quarrel and this English queen's are one.
Write a sentence And mine, fair lady Bona, joins with yours.
Write a sentence And mine with hers, and thine, and Margaret's.
Write a sentence Let me give humble thanks for all at once.
Write a sentence Then, England's messenger, return in post,
Write a sentence Tell him, in hope he'll prove a widower shortly,
Write a sentence Tell him, my mourning weeds are laid aside,
Write a sentence Tell him from me that he hath done me wrong,
Write a sentence But, Warwick,
Write a sentence This shall assure my constant loyalty,
Write a sentence Yes, I agree, and thank you for your motion.
Write a sentence Yes, I accept her, for she well deserves it;
Write a sentence Why stay we now? These soldiers shall be levied,
Write a sentence I came from Edward as ambassador,
Write a sentence Now tell me, brother Clarence, what think you
Write a sentence Alas, you know, 'tis far from hence to France;
Write a sentence My lords, forbear this talk; here comes the king.
Write a sentence And his well-chosen bride.
Write a sentence I mind to tell him plainly what I think.
Write a sentence Now, brother of Clarence, how like you our choice,
Write a sentence As well as Lewis of France, or the Earl of Warwick,
Write a sentence Suppose they take offence without a cause,
Write a sentence And shall have your will, because our king:
Write a sentence Yea, brother Richard, are you offended too?
Write a sentence Not I:
Write a sentence Setting your scorns and your mislike aside,
Write a sentence Then this is mine opinion: that King Lewis
Write a sentence And Warwick, doing what you gave in charge,
Write a sentence What if both Lewis and Warwick be appeased
Write a sentence Yet, to have join'd with France in such alliance
Write a sentence Why, knows not Montague that of itself
Write a sentence But the safer when 'tis back'd with France.
Write a sentence 'Tis better using France than trusting France:
Write a sentence For this one speech Lord Hastings well deserves
Write a sentence Ay, what of that? it was my will and grant;
Write a sentence And yet methinks your grace hath not done well,
Write a sentence Or else you would not have bestow'd the heir
Write a sentence Alas, poor Clarence! is it for a wife
Write a sentence In choosing for yourself, you show'd your judgment,
Write a sentence Leave me, or tarry, Edward will be king,
Write a sentence My lords, before it pleased his majesty
Write a sentence My love, forbear to fawn upon their frowns:
Write a sentence Now, messenger, what letters or what news
Write a sentence My sovereign liege, no letters; and few words,
Write a sentence Go to, we pardon thee: therefore, in brief,
Write a sentence At my depart, these were his very words:
Write a sentence Is Lewis so brave? belike he thinks me Henry.
Write a sentence These were her words, utter'd with mad disdain:
Write a sentence I blame not her, she could say little less;
Write a sentence 'Tell him,' quoth she, 'my mourning weeds are done,
Write a sentence Belike she minds to play the Amazon.
Write a sentence He, more incensed against your majesty
Write a sentence Ha! durst the traitor breathe out so proud words?
Write a sentence Ay, gracious sovereign; they are so link'd in
Write a sentence Belike the elder; Clarence will have the younger.
Write a sentence Clarence and Somerset both gone to Warwick!
Write a sentence So God help Montague as he proves true!
Write a sentence And Hastings as he favours Edward's cause!
Write a sentence Now, brother Richard, will you stand by us?
Write a sentence Ay, in despite of all that shall withstand you.
Write a sentence Why, so! then am I sure of victory.
Write a sentence Trust me, my lord, all hitherto goes well;
Write a sentence Fear not that, my lord.
Write a sentence Then, gentle Clarence, welcome unto Warwick;
Write a sentence Come on, my masters, each man take his stand:
Write a sentence What, will he not to bed?
Write a sentence Why, no; for he hath made a solemn vow
Write a sentence To-morrow then belike shall be the day,
Write a sentence But say, I pray, what nobleman is that
Write a sentence 'Tis the Lord Hastings, the king's chiefest friend.
Write a sentence O, is it so? But why commands the king
Write a sentence 'Tis the more honour, because more dangerous.
Write a sentence Ay, but give me worship and quietness;
Write a sentence Unless our halberds did shut up his passage.
Write a sentence Ay, wherefore else guard we his royal tent,
Write a sentence This is his tent; and see where stand his guard.
Write a sentence Who goes there?
Write a sentence Stay, or thou diest!
Write a sentence What are they that fly there?
Write a sentence Richard and Hastings: let them go; here is The duke.
Write a sentence The duke! Why, Warwick, when we parted,
Write a sentence Ay, but the case is alter'd:
Write a sentence Yea, brother of Clarence, are thou here too?
Write a sentence Then, for his mind, be Edward England's king:
Write a sentence What fates impose, that men must needs abide;
Write a sentence What now remains, my lords, for us to do
Write a sentence Ay, that's the first thing that we have to do;
Write a sentence Madam, what makes you in this sudden change?
Write a sentence Why brother Rivers, are you yet to learn
Write a sentence What! loss of some pitch'd battle against Warwick?
Write a sentence No, but the loss of his own royal person.
Write a sentence Then is my sovereign slain?
Write a sentence Ay, almost slain, for he is taken prisoner,
Write a sentence These news I must confess are full of grief;
Write a sentence Till then fair hope must hinder life's decay.
Write a sentence But, madam, where is Warwick then become?
Write a sentence I am inform'd that he comes towards London,
Write a sentence Now, my Lord Hastings and Sir William Stanley,
Write a sentence This way, my lord; for this way lies the game.
Write a sentence Nay, this way, man: see where the huntsmen stand.
Write a sentence Brother, the time and case requireth haste:
Write a sentence But whither shall we then?
Write a sentence To Lynn, my lord,
Write a sentence Well guess'd, believe me; for that was my meaning.
Write a sentence Stanley, I will requite thy forwardness.
Write a sentence But wherefore stay we? 'tis no time to talk.
Write a sentence Huntsman, what say'st thou? wilt thou go along?
Write a sentence Better do so than tarry and be hang'd.
Write a sentence Come then, away; let's ha' no more ado.
Write a sentence Bishop, farewell: shield thee from Warwick's frown;
Write a sentence Master lieutenant, now that God and friends
Write a sentence Subjects may challenge nothing of their sovereigns;
Write a sentence For what, lieutenant? for well using me?
Write a sentence Your grace hath still been famed for virtuous;
Write a sentence No, Warwick, thou art worthy of the sway,
Write a sentence And I choose Clarence only for protector.
Write a sentence Warwick and Clarence give me both your hands:
Write a sentence What answers Clarence to his sovereign's will?
Write a sentence That he consents, if Warwick yield consent;
Write a sentence Why, then, though loath, yet must I be content:
Write a sentence What else? and that succession be determined.
Write a sentence Ay, therein Clarence shall not want his part.
Write a sentence But, with the first of all your chief affairs,
Write a sentence It shall be done, my sovereign, with all speed.
Write a sentence My Lord of Somerset, what youth is that,
Write a sentence My liege, it is young Henry, earl of Richmond.
Write a sentence Come hither, England's hope.
Write a sentence What news, my friend?
Write a sentence That Edward is escaped from your brother,
Write a sentence Unsavoury news! but how made he escape?
Write a sentence He was convey'd by Richard Duke of Gloucester
Write a sentence My brother was too careless of his charge.
Write a sentence My lord, I like not of this flight of Edward's;
Write a sentence Ay, for if Edward repossess the crown,
Write a sentence It shall be so; he shall to Brittany.
Write a sentence Now, brother Richard, Lord Hastings, and the rest,
Write a sentence The gates made fast! Brother, I like not this;
Write a sentence Tush, man, abodements must not now affright us:
Write a sentence My liege, I'll knock once more to summon them.
Write a sentence My lords, we were forewarned of your coming,
Write a sentence But, master mayor, if Henry be your king,
Write a sentence True, my good lord; I know you for no less.
Write a sentence Why, and I challenge nothing but my dukedom,
Write a sentence Why, master mayor, why stand you in a doubt?
Write a sentence Ay, say you so? the gates shall then be open'd.
Write a sentence A wise stout captain, and soon persuaded!
Write a sentence The good old man would fain that all were well,
Write a sentence So, master mayor: these gates must not be shut
Write a sentence Brother, this is Sir John Montgomery,
Write a sentence Welcome, Sir John! But why come you in arms?
Write a sentence To help King Edward in his time of storm,
Write a sentence Thanks, good Montgomery; but we now forget
Write a sentence Then fare you well, for I will hence again:
Write a sentence Nay, stay, Sir John, awhile, and we'll debate
Write a sentence What talk you of debating? in few words,
Write a sentence Why, brother, wherefore stand you on nice points?
Write a sentence When we grow stronger, then we'll make our claim:
Write a sentence Away with scrupulous wit! now arms must rule.
Write a sentence And fearless minds climb soonest unto crowns.
Write a sentence Then be it as you will; for 'tis my right,
Write a sentence Ay, now my sovereign speaketh like himself;
Write a sentence Sound trumpet; Edward shall be here proclaim'd:
Write a sentence Edward the Fourth, by the grace of God, king of
Write a sentence And whosoe'er gainsays King Edward's right,
Write a sentence Long live Edward the Fourth!
Write a sentence Thanks, brave Montgomery; and thanks unto you all:
Write a sentence What counsel, lords? Edward from Belgia,
Write a sentence Let's levy men, and beat him back again.
Write a sentence A little fire is quickly trodden out;
Write a sentence In Warwickshire I have true-hearted friends,
Write a sentence Farewell, my Hector, and my Troy's true hope.
Write a sentence In sign of truth, I kiss your highness' hand.
Write a sentence Well-minded Clarence, be thou fortunate!
Write a sentence Comfort, my lord; and so I take my leave.
Write a sentence And thus I seal my truth, and bid adieu.
Write a sentence Sweet Oxford, and my loving Montague,
Write a sentence Farewell, sweet lords: let's meet at Coventry.
Write a sentence Here at the palace I will rest awhile.
Write a sentence The doubt is that he will seduce the rest.
Write a sentence That's not my fear; my meed hath got me fame:
Write a sentence Hark, hark, my lord! what shouts are these?
Write a sentence Seize on the shame-faced Henry, bear him hence;
Write a sentence Away betimes, before his forces join,
Write a sentence Where is the post that came from valiant Oxford?
Write a sentence By this at Dunsmore, marching hitherward.
Write a sentence How far off is our brother Montague?
Write a sentence By this at Daintry, with a puissant troop.
Write a sentence Say, Somerville, what says my loving son?
Write a sentence At Southam I did leave him with his forces,
Write a sentence Then Clarence is at hand, I hear his drum.
Write a sentence It is not his, my lord; here Southam lies:
Write a sentence Who should that be? belike, unlook'd-for friends.
Write a sentence They are at hand, and you shall quickly know.
Write a sentence Go, trumpet, to the walls, and sound a parle.
Write a sentence See how the surly Warwick mans the wall!
Write a sentence O unbid spite! is sportful Edward come?
Write a sentence Now, Warwick, wilt thou ope the city gates,
Write a sentence Nay, rather, wilt thou draw thy forces hence,
Write a sentence I thought, at least, he would have said the king;
Write a sentence Is not a dukedom, sir, a goodly gift?
Write a sentence Ay, by my faith, for a poor earl to give:
Write a sentence 'Twas I that gave the kingdom to thy brother.
Write a sentence Why then 'tis mine, if but by Warwick's gift.
Write a sentence Thou art no Atlas for so great a weight:
Write a sentence But Warwick's king is Edward's prisoner:
Write a sentence Alas, that Warwick had no more forecast,
Write a sentence 'Tis even so; yet you are Warwick still.
Write a sentence Come, Warwick, take the time; kneel down, kneel down:
Write a sentence I had rather chop this hand off at a blow,
Write a sentence Sail how thou canst, have wind and tide thy friend,
Write a sentence O cheerful colours! see where Oxford comes!
Write a sentence Oxford, Oxford, for Lancaster!
Write a sentence The gates are open, let us enter too.
Write a sentence So other foes may set upon our backs.
Write a sentence O, welcome, Oxford! for we want thy help.
Write a sentence Montague, Montague, for Lancaster!
Write a sentence Thou and thy brother both shall buy this treason
Write a sentence The harder match'd, the greater victory:
Write a sentence Somerset, Somerset, for Lancaster!
Write a sentence Two of thy name, both Dukes of Somerset,
Write a sentence And lo, where George of Clarence sweeps along,
Write a sentence Father of Warwick, know you what this means?
Write a sentence Now welcome more, and ten times more beloved,
Write a sentence Welcome, good Clarence; this is brotherlike.
Write a sentence O passing traitor, perjured and unjust!
Write a sentence What, Warwick, wilt thou leave the town and fight?
Write a sentence Alas, I am not coop'd here for defence!
Write a sentence Yes, Warwick, Edward dares, and leads the way.
Write a sentence So, lie thou there: die thou, and die our fear;
Write a sentence Ah, who is nigh? come to me, friend or foe,
Write a sentence Ah, Warwick, Warwick! wert thou as we are.
Write a sentence Why, then I would not fly. Ah, Montague,
Write a sentence Ah, Warwick! Montague hath breathed his last;
Write a sentence Sweet rest his soul! Fly, lords, and save yourselves;
Write a sentence Away, away, to meet the queen's great power!
Write a sentence Thus far our fortune keeps an upward course,
Write a sentence A little gale will soon disperse that cloud
Write a sentence The queen is valued thirty thousand strong,
Write a sentence We are advertised by our loving friends
Write a sentence Great lords, wise men ne'er sit and wail their loss,
Write a sentence Methinks a woman of this valiant spirit
Write a sentence Women and children of so high a courage,
Write a sentence And he that will not fight for such a hope.
Write a sentence Thanks, gentle Somerset; sweet Oxford, thanks.
Write a sentence And take his thanks that yet hath nothing else.
Write a sentence Prepare you, lords, for Edward is at hand.
Write a sentence I thought no less: it is his policy
Write a sentence But he's deceived; we are in readiness.
Write a sentence This cheers my heart, to see your forwardness.
Write a sentence Here pitch our battle; hence we will not budge.
Write a sentence Brave followers, yonder stands the thorny wood,
Write a sentence Lords, knights, and gentlemen, what I should say
Write a sentence Now here a period of tumultuous broils.
Write a sentence For my part, I'll not trouble thee with words.
Write a sentence Nor I, but stoop with patience to my fortune.
Write a sentence So part we sadly in this troublous world,
Write a sentence Is proclamation made, that who finds Edward
Write a sentence It is: and lo, where youthful Edward comes!
Write a sentence Bring forth the gallant, let us hear him speak.
Write a sentence Speak like a subject, proud ambitious York!
Write a sentence Ah, that thy father had been so resolved!
Write a sentence That you might still have worn the petticoat,
Write a sentence Let AEsop fable in a winter's night;
Write a sentence By heaven, brat, I'll plague ye for that word.
Write a sentence Ay, thou wast born to be a plague to men.
Write a sentence For God's sake, take away this captive scold.
Write a sentence Nay, take away this scolding crookback rather.
Write a sentence Peace, wilful boy, or I will charm your tongue.
Write a sentence Untutor'd lad, thou art too malapert.
Write a sentence I know my duty; you are all undutiful:
Write a sentence Take that, thou likeness of this railer here.
Write a sentence Sprawl'st thou? take that, to end thy agony.
Write a sentence And there's for twitting me with perjury.
Write a sentence O, kill me too!
Write a sentence Marry, and shall.
Write a sentence Hold, Richard, hold; for we have done too much.
Write a sentence Why should she live, to fill the world with words?
Write a sentence What, doth she swoon? use means for her recovery.
Write a sentence Clarence, excuse me to the king my brother;
Write a sentence What? what?
Write a sentence The Tower, the Tower.
Write a sentence O Ned, sweet Ned! speak to thy mother, boy!
Write a sentence Away with her; go, bear her hence perforce.
Write a sentence Nay, never bear me hence, dispatch me here,
Write a sentence By heaven, I will not do thee so much ease.
Write a sentence Good Clarence, do; sweet Clarence, do thou do it.
Write a sentence Didst thou not hear me swear I would not do it?
Write a sentence Ay, but thou usest to forswear thyself:
Write a sentence Away, I say; I charge ye, bear her hence.
Write a sentence So come to you and yours, as to this Prince!
Write a sentence Where's Richard gone?
Write a sentence To London, all in post; and, as I guess,
Write a sentence He's sudden, if a thing comes in his head.
Write a sentence Good day, my lord. What, at your book so hard?
Write a sentence Ay, my good lord:--my lord, I should say rather;
Write a sentence Sirrah, leave us to ourselves: we must confer.
Write a sentence So flies the reckless shepherd from the wolf;
Write a sentence Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind;
Write a sentence The bird that hath been limed in a bush,
Write a sentence Why, what a peevish fool was that of Crete,
Write a sentence I, Daedalus; my poor boy, Icarus;
Write a sentence Think'st thou I am an executioner?
Write a sentence A persecutor, I am sure, thou art:
Write a sentence Thy son I kill'd for his presumption.
Write a sentence Hadst thou been kill'd when first thou didst presume,
Write a sentence I'll hear no more: die, prophet in thy speech:
Write a sentence Ay, and for much more slaughter after this.
Write a sentence What, will the aspiring blood of Lancaster
Write a sentence Once more we sit in England's royal throne,
Write a sentence Clarence and Gloucester, love my lovely queen;
Write a sentence The duty that I owe unto your majesty
Write a sentence Thanks, noble Clarence; worthy brother, thanks.
Write a sentence And, that I love the tree from whence thou sprang'st,
Write a sentence Now am I seated as my soul delights,
Write a sentence What will your grace have done with Margaret?
Write a sentence Away with her, and waft her hence to France.
Write a sentence If you shall chance, Camillo, to visit Bohemia, on
Write a sentence I think, this coming summer, the King of Sicilia
Write a sentence Wherein our entertainment shall shame us we will be
Write a sentence Beseech you,--
Write a sentence Verily, I speak it in the freedom of my knowledge:
Write a sentence You pay a great deal too dear for what's given freely.
Write a sentence Believe me, I speak as my understanding instructs me
Write a sentence Sicilia cannot show himself over-kind to Bohemia.
Write a sentence I think there is not in the world either malice or
Write a sentence I very well agree with you in the hopes of him: it
Write a sentence Would they else be content to die?
Write a sentence Yes; if there were no other excuse why they should
Write a sentence If the king had no son, they would desire to live
Write a sentence Nine changes of the watery star hath been
Write a sentence Stay your thanks a while;
Write a sentence Sir, that's to-morrow.
Write a sentence We are tougher, brother,
Write a sentence No longer stay.
Write a sentence One seven-night longer.
Write a sentence Very sooth, to-morrow.
Write a sentence We'll part the time between's then; and in that
Write a sentence Press me not, beseech you, so.
Write a sentence Tongue-tied, our queen?
Write a sentence I had thought, sir, to have held my peace until
Write a sentence Well said, Hermione.
Write a sentence To tell, he longs to see his son, were strong:
Write a sentence No, madam.
Write a sentence Nay, but you will?
Write a sentence I may not, verily.
Write a sentence Verily!
Write a sentence Your guest, then, madam:
Write a sentence Not your gaoler, then,
Write a sentence We were, fair queen,
Write a sentence Was not my lord
Write a sentence We were as twinn'd lambs that did frisk i' the sun,
Write a sentence By this we gather
Write a sentence O my most sacred lady!
Write a sentence Grace to boot!
Write a sentence Is he won yet?
Write a sentence He'll stay my lord.
Write a sentence At my request he would not.
Write a sentence Never?
Write a sentence Never, but once.
Write a sentence What! have I twice said well? when was't before?
Write a sentence Why, that was when
Write a sentence 'Tis grace indeed.
Write a sentence Ay, my good lord.
Write a sentence I' fecks!
Write a sentence Yes, if you will, my lord.
Write a sentence Thou want'st a rough pash and the shoots that I have,
Write a sentence What means Sicilia?
Write a sentence He something seems unsettled.
Write a sentence How, my lord!
Write a sentence You look as if you held a brow of much distraction
Write a sentence No, in good earnest.
Write a sentence No, my lord, I'll fight.
Write a sentence You will! why, happy man be's dole! My brother,
Write a sentence If at home, sir,
Write a sentence So stands this squire
Write a sentence If you would seek us,
Write a sentence To your own bents dispose you: you'll be found,
Write a sentence I am like you, they say.
Write a sentence Why that's some comfort. What, Camillo there?
Write a sentence Ay, my good lord.
Write a sentence Go play, Mamillius; thou'rt an honest man.
Write a sentence You had much ado to make his anchor hold:
Write a sentence Didst note it?
Write a sentence He would not stay at your petitions: made
Write a sentence Didst perceive it?
Write a sentence At the good queen's entreaty.
Write a sentence At the queen's be't: 'good' should be pertinent
Write a sentence Business, my lord! I think most understand
Write a sentence Ha!
Write a sentence Stays here longer.
Write a sentence Ay, but why?
Write a sentence To satisfy your highness and the entreaties
Write a sentence Satisfy!
Write a sentence Be it forbid, my lord!
Write a sentence To bide upon't, thou art not honest, or,
Write a sentence My gracious lord,
Write a sentence Ha' not you seen, Camillo,--
Write a sentence I would not be a stander-by to hear
Write a sentence Is whispering nothing?
Write a sentence Good my lord, be cured
Write a sentence Say it be, 'tis true.
Write a sentence No, no, my lord.
Write a sentence It is; you lie, you lie:
Write a sentence Who does infect her?
Write a sentence Why, he that wears her like a medal, hanging
Write a sentence Sir, my lord,
Write a sentence Make that thy question, and go rot!
Write a sentence I must believe you, sir:
Write a sentence Thou dost advise me
Write a sentence My lord,
Write a sentence This is all:
Write a sentence I'll do't, my lord.
Write a sentence I will seem friendly, as thou hast advised me.
Write a sentence O miserable lady! But, for me,
Write a sentence This is strange: methinks
Write a sentence Hail, most royal sir!
Write a sentence What is the news i' the court?
Write a sentence None rare, my lord.
Write a sentence The king hath on him such a countenance
Write a sentence I dare not know, my lord.
Write a sentence How! dare not! do not. Do you know, and dare not?
Write a sentence There is a sickness
Write a sentence How! caught of me!
Write a sentence I may not answer.
Write a sentence A sickness caught of me, and yet I well!
Write a sentence Sir, I will tell you;
Write a sentence On, good Camillo.
Write a sentence I am appointed him to murder you.
Write a sentence By whom, Camillo?
Write a sentence By the king.
Write a sentence For what?
Write a sentence He thinks, nay, with all confidence he swears,
Write a sentence O, then my best blood turn
Write a sentence Swear his thought over
Write a sentence How should this grow?
Write a sentence I know not: but I am sure 'tis safer to
Write a sentence I do believe thee:
Write a sentence It is in mine authority to command
Write a sentence Take the boy to you: he so troubles me,
Write a sentence Come, my gracious lord,
Write a sentence No, I'll none of you.
Write a sentence Why, my sweet lord?
Write a sentence You'll kiss me hard and speak to me as if
Write a sentence And why so, my lord?
Write a sentence Not for because
Write a sentence Who taught you this?
Write a sentence I learnt it out of women's faces. Pray now
Write a sentence Blue, my lord.
Write a sentence Nay, that's a mock: I have seen a lady's nose
Write a sentence Hark ye;
Write a sentence She is spread of late
Write a sentence What wisdom stirs amongst you? Come, sir, now
Write a sentence Merry or sad shall't be?
Write a sentence As merry as you will.
Write a sentence A sad tale's best for winter: I have one
Write a sentence Let's have that, good sir.
Write a sentence There was a man--
Write a sentence Nay, come, sit down; then on.
Write a sentence Dwelt by a churchyard: I will tell it softly;
Write a sentence Come on, then,
Write a sentence Was he met there? his train? Camillo with him?
Write a sentence Behind the tuft of pines I met them; never
Write a sentence How blest am I
Write a sentence By his great authority;
Write a sentence I know't too well.
Write a sentence What is this? sport?
Write a sentence Bear the boy hence; he shall not come about her;
Write a sentence But I'ld say he had not,
Write a sentence You, my lords,
Write a sentence Should a villain say so,
Write a sentence You have mistook, my lady,
Write a sentence No, by my life.
Write a sentence No; if I mistake
Write a sentence There's some ill planet reigns:
Write a sentence Shall I be heard?
Write a sentence Who is't that goes with me? Beseech your highness,
Write a sentence Go, do our bidding; hence!
Write a sentence Beseech your highness, call the queen again.
Write a sentence Be certain what you do, sir, lest your justice
Write a sentence For her, my lord,
Write a sentence If it prove
Write a sentence Hold your peaces.
Write a sentence Good my lord,--
Write a sentence It is for you we speak, not for ourselves:
Write a sentence Cease; no more.
Write a sentence If it be so,
Write a sentence What! lack I credit?
Write a sentence I had rather you did lack than I, my lord,
Write a sentence Why, what need we
Write a sentence And I wish, my liege,
Write a sentence How could that be?
Write a sentence Well done, my lord.
Write a sentence Though I am satisfied and need no more
Write a sentence The keeper of the prison, call to him;
Write a sentence For a worthy lady
Write a sentence Pray you then,
Write a sentence I may not, madam:
Write a sentence Here's ado,
Write a sentence So please you, madam,
Write a sentence I pray now, call her.
Write a sentence And, madam,
Write a sentence Well, be't so, prithee.
Write a sentence As well as one so great and so forlorn
Write a sentence A boy?
Write a sentence A daughter, and a goodly babe,
Write a sentence I dare be sworn
Write a sentence Most worthy madam,
Write a sentence Tell her, Emilia.
Write a sentence Now be you blest for it!
Write a sentence Madam, if't please the queen to send the babe,
Write a sentence You need not fear it, sir:
Write a sentence I do believe it.
Write a sentence Do not you fear: upon mine honour,
Write a sentence Nor night nor day no rest: it is but weakness
Write a sentence My lord?
Write a sentence How does the boy?
Write a sentence He took good rest to-night;
Write a sentence To see his nobleness!
Write a sentence You must not enter.
Write a sentence Nay, rather, good my lords, be second to me:
Write a sentence That's enough.
Write a sentence Madam, he hath not slept tonight; commanded
Write a sentence Not so hot, good sir:
Write a sentence What noise there, ho?
Write a sentence No noise, my lord; but needful conference
Write a sentence How!
Write a sentence I told her so, my lord,
Write a sentence What, canst not rule her?
Write a sentence From all dishonesty he can: in this,
Write a sentence La you now, you hear:
Write a sentence Good my liege, I come;
Write a sentence Good queen!
Write a sentence Good queen, my lord,
Write a sentence Force her hence.
Write a sentence Let him that makes but trifles of his eyes
Write a sentence Out!
Write a sentence Not so:
Write a sentence Traitors!
Write a sentence For ever
Write a sentence He dreads his wife.
Write a sentence So I would you did; then 'twere past all doubt
Write a sentence A nest of traitors!
Write a sentence I am none, by this good light.
Write a sentence Nor I, nor any
Write a sentence A callat
Write a sentence It is yours;
Write a sentence A gross hag
Write a sentence Hang all the husbands
Write a sentence Once more, take her hence.
Write a sentence A most unworthy and unnatural lord
Write a sentence I'll ha' thee burnt.
Write a sentence I care not:
Write a sentence On your allegiance,
Write a sentence I pray you, do not push me; I'll be gone.
Write a sentence Thou, traitor, hast set on thy wife to this.
Write a sentence I did not, sir:
Write a sentence We can: my royal liege,
Write a sentence You're liars all.
Write a sentence Beseech your highness, give us better credit:
Write a sentence I am a feather for each wind that blows:
Write a sentence Any thing, my lord,
Write a sentence It shall be possible. Swear by this sword
Write a sentence I will, my lord.
Write a sentence Mark and perform it, see'st thou! for the fail
Write a sentence I swear to do this, though a present death
Write a sentence No, I'll not rear
Write a sentence Please your highness, posts
Write a sentence So please you, sir, their speed
Write a sentence Twenty-three days
Write a sentence The climate's delicate, the air most sweet,
Write a sentence I shall report,
Write a sentence But of all, the burst
Write a sentence If the event o' the journey
Write a sentence Great Apollo
Write a sentence The violent carriage of it
Write a sentence This sessions, to our great grief we pronounce,
Write a sentence It is his highness' pleasure that the queen
Write a sentence Read the indictment.
Write a sentence Since what I am to say must be but that
Write a sentence I ne'er heard yet
Write a sentence That's true enough;
Write a sentence You will not own it.
Write a sentence More than mistress of
Write a sentence You knew of his departure, as you know
Write a sentence Sir,
Write a sentence Your actions are my dreams;
Write a sentence Sir, spare your threats:
Write a sentence This your request
Write a sentence The Emperor of Russia was my father:
Write a sentence You here shall swear upon this sword of justice,
Write a sentence All this we swear.
Write a sentence Break up the seals and read.
Write a sentence Now blessed be the great Apollo!
Write a sentence Praised!
Write a sentence Hast thou read truth?
Write a sentence Ay, my lord; even so
Write a sentence There is no truth at all i' the oracle:
Write a sentence My lord the king, the king!
Write a sentence What is the business?
Write a sentence O sir, I shall be hated to report it!
Write a sentence How! gone!
Write a sentence Is dead.
Write a sentence Apollo's angry; and the heavens themselves
Write a sentence This news is mortal to the queen: look down
Write a sentence Take her hence:
Write a sentence Woe the while!
Write a sentence What fit is this, good lady?
Write a sentence What studied torments, tyrant, hast for me?
Write a sentence The higher powers forbid!
Write a sentence I say she's dead; I'll swear't. If word nor oath
Write a sentence Go on, go on
Write a sentence Say no more:
Write a sentence I am sorry for't:
Write a sentence Thou didst speak but well
Write a sentence Thou art perfect then, our ship hath touch'd upon
Write a sentence Ay, my lord: and fear
Write a sentence Their sacred wills be done! Go, get aboard;
Write a sentence Make your best haste, and go not
Write a sentence Go thou away:
Write a sentence I am glad at heart
Write a sentence Come, poor babe:
Write a sentence I would there were no age between sixteen and
Write a sentence Hilloa, loa!
Write a sentence What, art so near? If thou'lt see a thing to talk
Write a sentence I have seen two such sights, by sea and by land!
Write a sentence Why, boy, how is it?
Write a sentence I would you did but see how it chafes, how it rages,
Write a sentence Name of mercy, when was this, boy?
Write a sentence Now, now: I have not winked since I saw these
Write a sentence Would I had been by, to have helped the old man!
Write a sentence I would you had been by the ship side, to have
Write a sentence Heavy matters! heavy matters! but look thee here,
Write a sentence You're a made old man: if the sins of your youth
Write a sentence This is fairy gold, boy, and 'twill prove so: up
Write a sentence Go you the next way with your findings. I'll go see
Write a sentence That's a good deed. If thou mayest discern by that
Write a sentence Marry, will I; and you shall help to put him i' the ground.
Write a sentence 'Tis a lucky day, boy, and we'll do good deeds on't.
Write a sentence I, that please some, try all, both joy and terror
Write a sentence I pray thee, good Camillo, be no more importunate:
Write a sentence It is fifteen years since I saw my country: though
Write a sentence As thou lovest me, Camillo, wipe not out the rest of
Write a sentence Sir, it is three days since I saw the prince. What
Write a sentence I have considered so much, Camillo, and with some
Write a sentence I have heard, sir, of such a man, who hath a
Write a sentence That's likewise part of my intelligence; but, I
Write a sentence I willingly obey your command.
Write a sentence My best Camillo! We must disguise ourselves.
Write a sentence When daffodils begin to peer,
Write a sentence Let me see: every 'leven wether tods; every tod
Write a sentence I cannot do't without counters. Let me see; what am
Write a sentence O that ever I was born!
Write a sentence I' the name of me--
Write a sentence O, help me, help me! pluck but off these rags; and
Write a sentence Alack, poor soul! thou hast need of more rags to lay
Write a sentence O sir, the loathsomeness of them offends me more
Write a sentence Alas, poor man! a million of beating may come to a
Write a sentence I am robbed, sir, and beaten; my money and apparel
Write a sentence What, by a horseman, or a footman?
Write a sentence A footman, sweet sir, a footman.
Write a sentence Indeed, he should be a footman by the garments he
Write a sentence O, good sir, tenderly, O!
Write a sentence Alas, poor soul!
Write a sentence O, good sir, softly, good sir! I fear, sir, my
Write a sentence How now! canst stand?
Write a sentence Dost lack any money? I have a little money for thee.
Write a sentence No, good sweet sir; no, I beseech you, sir: I have
Write a sentence What manner of fellow was he that robbed you?
Write a sentence A fellow, sir, that I have known to go about with
Write a sentence His vices, you would say; there's no virtue whipped
Write a sentence Vices, I would say, sir. I know this man well: he
Write a sentence Out upon him! prig, for my life, prig: he haunts
Write a sentence Very true, sir; he, sir, he; that's the rogue that
Write a sentence Not a more cowardly rogue in all Bohemia: if you had
Write a sentence I must confess to you, sir, I am no fighter: I am
Write a sentence How do you now?
Write a sentence Sweet sir, much better than I was; I can stand and
Write a sentence Shall I bring thee on the way?
Write a sentence No, good-faced sir; no, sweet sir.
Write a sentence Then fare thee well: I must go buy spices for our
Write a sentence Prosper you, sweet sir!
Write a sentence These your unusual weeds to each part of you
Write a sentence Sir, my gracious lord,
Write a sentence I bless the time
Write a sentence Now Jove afford you cause!
Write a sentence Apprehend
Write a sentence O, but, sir,
Write a sentence Thou dearest Perdita,
Write a sentence O lady Fortune,
Write a sentence See, your guests approach:
Write a sentence Fie, daughter! when my old wife lived, upon
Write a sentence Shepherdess,
Write a sentence Sir, the year growing ancient,
Write a sentence Wherefore, gentle maiden,
Write a sentence For I have heard it said
Write a sentence Say there be;
Write a sentence So it is.
Write a sentence Then make your garden rich in gillyvors,
Write a sentence I'll not put
Write a sentence I should leave grazing, were I of your flock,
Write a sentence Out, alas!
Write a sentence What, like a corse?
Write a sentence No, like a bank for love to lie and play on;
Write a sentence What you do
Write a sentence O Doricles,
Write a sentence I think you have
Write a sentence I'll swear for 'em.
Write a sentence This is the prettiest low-born lass that ever
Write a sentence He tells her something
Write a sentence Come on, strike up!
Write a sentence Mopsa must be your mistress: marry, garlic,
Write a sentence Now, in good time!
Write a sentence Not a word, a word; we stand upon our manners.
Write a sentence Pray, good shepherd, what fair swain is this
Write a sentence They call him Doricles; and boasts himself
Write a sentence She dances featly.
Write a sentence So she does any thing; though I report it,
Write a sentence O master, if you did but hear the pedlar at the
Write a sentence He could never come better; he shall come in. I
Write a sentence He hath songs for man or woman, of all sizes; no
Write a sentence This is a brave fellow.
Write a sentence Believe me, thou talkest of an admirable conceited
Write a sentence He hath ribbons of an the colours i' the rainbow;
Write a sentence Prithee bring him in; and let him approach singing.
Write a sentence Forewarn him that he use no scurrilous words in 's tunes.
Write a sentence You have of these pedlars, that have more in them
Write a sentence Ay, good brother, or go about to think.
Write a sentence Lawn as white as driven snow;
Write a sentence If I were not in love with Mopsa, thou shouldst take
Write a sentence I was promised them against the feast; but they come
Write a sentence He hath promised you more than that, or there be liars.
Write a sentence He hath paid you all he promised you; may be, he has
Write a sentence Is there no manners left among maids? will they
Write a sentence I have done. Come, you promised me a tawdry-lace
Write a sentence Have I not told thee how I was cozened by the way
Write a sentence And indeed, sir, there are cozeners abroad;
Write a sentence Fear not thou, man, thou shalt lose nothing here.
Write a sentence I hope so, sir; for I have about me many parcels of charge.
Write a sentence What hast here? ballads?
Write a sentence Pray now, buy some: I love a ballad in print o'
Write a sentence Here's one to a very doleful tune, how a usurer's
Write a sentence Is it true, think you?
Write a sentence Very true, and but a month old.
Write a sentence Bless me from marrying a usurer!
Write a sentence Here's the midwife's name to't, one Mistress
Write a sentence Pray you now, buy it.
Write a sentence Come on, lay it by: and let's first see moe
Write a sentence Here's another ballad of a fish, that appeared upon
Write a sentence Is it true too, think you?
Write a sentence Five justices' hands at it, and witnesses more than
Write a sentence Lay it by too: another.
Write a sentence This is a merry ballad, but a very pretty one.
Write a sentence Let's have some merry ones.
Write a sentence Why, this is a passing merry one and goes to
Write a sentence We can both sing it: if thou'lt bear a part, thou
Write a sentence We had the tune on't a month ago.
Write a sentence I can bear my part; you must know 'tis my
Write a sentence Get you hence, for I must go
Write a sentence Whither?
Write a sentence O, whither?
Write a sentence Whither?
Write a sentence It becomes thy oath full well,
Write a sentence Me too, let me go thither.
Write a sentence Or thou goest to the orange or mill.
Write a sentence If to either, thou dost ill.
Write a sentence Neither.
Write a sentence What, neither?
Write a sentence Neither.
Write a sentence Thou hast sworn my love to be.
Write a sentence Thou hast sworn it more to me:
Write a sentence We'll have this song out anon by ourselves: my
Write a sentence And you shall pay well for 'em.
Write a sentence Master, there is three carters, three shepherds,
Write a sentence Away! we'll none on 't: here has been too much
Write a sentence You weary those that refresh us: pray, let's see
Write a sentence One three of them, by their own report, sir, hath
Write a sentence Leave your prating: since these good men are
Write a sentence Why, they stay at door, sir.
Write a sentence O, father, you'll know more of that hereafter.
Write a sentence Old sir, I know
Write a sentence What follows this?
Write a sentence Do, and be witness to 't.
Write a sentence And this my neighbour too?
Write a sentence And he, and more
Write a sentence Fairly offer'd.
Write a sentence This shows a sound affection.
Write a sentence But, my daughter,
Write a sentence I cannot speak
Write a sentence Take hands, a bargain!
Write a sentence O, that must be
Write a sentence Come, your hand;
Write a sentence Soft, swain, awhile, beseech you;
Write a sentence I have: but what of him?
Write a sentence Knows he of this?
Write a sentence He neither does nor shall.
Write a sentence Methinks a father
Write a sentence No, good sir;
Write a sentence By my white beard,
Write a sentence I yield all this;
Write a sentence Let him know't.
Write a sentence He shall not.
Write a sentence Prithee, let him.
Write a sentence No, he must not.
Write a sentence Let him, my son: he shall not need to grieve
Write a sentence Come, come, he must not.
Write a sentence Mark your divorce, young sir,
Write a sentence O, my heart!
Write a sentence I'll have thy beauty scratch'd with briers, and made
Write a sentence Even here undone!
Write a sentence Why, how now, father!
Write a sentence I cannot speak, nor think
Write a sentence Why look you so upon me?
Write a sentence Gracious my lord,
Write a sentence I not purpose it.
Write a sentence Even he, my lord.
Write a sentence How often have I told you 'twould be thus!
Write a sentence It cannot fail but by
Write a sentence Be advised.
Write a sentence I am, and by my fancy: if my reason
Write a sentence This is desperate, sir.
Write a sentence So call it: but it does fulfil my vow;
Write a sentence O my lord!
Write a sentence Hark, Perdita
Write a sentence He's irremoveable,
Write a sentence Now, good Camillo;
Write a sentence Sir, I think
Write a sentence Very nobly
Write a sentence Well, my lord,
Write a sentence How, Camillo,
Write a sentence Have you thought on
Write a sentence Not any yet:
Write a sentence Then list to me:
Write a sentence Worthy Camillo,
Write a sentence Sent by the king your father
Write a sentence I am bound to you:
Write a sentence A cause more promising
Write a sentence One of these is true:
Write a sentence Yea, say you so?
Write a sentence My good Camillo,
Write a sentence I cannot say 'tis pity
Write a sentence Your pardon, sir; for this
Write a sentence My prettiest Perdita!
Write a sentence My lord,
Write a sentence Ha, ha! what a fool Honesty is! and Trust, his
Write a sentence Nay, but my letters, by this means being there
Write a sentence And those that you'll procure from King Leontes--
Write a sentence Shall satisfy your father.
Write a sentence Happy be you!
Write a sentence Who have we here?
Write a sentence If they have overheard me now, why, hanging.
Write a sentence How now, good fellow! why shakest thou so? Fear
Write a sentence I am a poor fellow, sir.
Write a sentence Why, be so still; here's nobody will steal that from
Write a sentence I am a poor fellow, sir.
Write a sentence Nay, prithee, dispatch: the gentleman is half
Write a sentence Are you in earnest, sir?
Write a sentence Dispatch, I prithee.
Write a sentence Indeed, I have had earnest: but I cannot with
Write a sentence Unbuckle, unbuckle.
Write a sentence I see the play so lies
Write a sentence No remedy.
Write a sentence Should I now meet my father,
Write a sentence Nay, you shall have no hat.
Write a sentence Adieu, sir.
Write a sentence O Perdita, what have we twain forgot!
Write a sentence Fortune speed us!
Write a sentence The swifter speed the better.
Write a sentence I understand the business, I hear it: to have an
Write a sentence See, see; what a man you are now!
Write a sentence Nay, but hear me.
Write a sentence Nay, but hear me.
Write a sentence Go to, then.
Write a sentence She being none of your flesh and blood, your flesh
Write a sentence I will tell the king all, every word, yea, and his
Write a sentence Indeed, brother-in-law was the farthest off you
Write a sentence Well, let us to the king: there is that in this
Write a sentence Pray heartily he be at palace.
Write a sentence To the palace, an it like your worship.
Write a sentence Your affairs there, what, with whom, the condition
Write a sentence We are but plain fellows, sir.
Write a sentence A lie; you are rough and hairy. Let me have no
Write a sentence Your worship had like to have given us one, if you
Write a sentence Are you a courtier, an't like you, sir?
Write a sentence Whether it like me or no, I am a courtier. Seest
Write a sentence My business, sir, is to the king.
Write a sentence What advocate hast thou to him?
Write a sentence I know not, an't like you.
Write a sentence Advocate's the court-word for a pheasant: say you
Write a sentence None, sir; I have no pheasant, cock nor hen.
Write a sentence How blessed are we that are not simple men!
Write a sentence This cannot be but a great courtier.
Write a sentence His garments are rich, but he wears
Write a sentence He seems to be the more noble in being fantastical:
Write a sentence The fardel there? what's i' the fardel?
Write a sentence Sir, there lies such secrets in this fardel and box,
Write a sentence Age, thou hast lost thy labour.
Write a sentence Why, sir?
Write a sentence The king is not at the palace; he is gone aboard a
Write a sentence So 'tis said, sir; about his son, that should have
Write a sentence If that shepherd be not in hand-fast, let him fly:
Write a sentence Think you so, sir?
Write a sentence Not he alone shall suffer what wit can make heavy
Write a sentence Has the old man e'er a son, sir, do you hear. an't
Write a sentence He has a son, who shall be flayed alive; then
Write a sentence He seems to be of great authority: close with him,
Write a sentence An't please you, sir, to undertake the business for
Write a sentence After I have done what I promised?
Write a sentence Ay, sir.
Write a sentence Well, give me the moiety. Are you a party in this business?
Write a sentence In some sort, sir: but though my case be a pitiful
Write a sentence O, that's the case of the shepherd's son: hang him,
Write a sentence Comfort, good comfort! We must to the king and show
Write a sentence I will trust you. Walk before toward the sea-side;
Write a sentence We are blest in this man, as I may say, even blest.
Write a sentence Let's before as he bids us: he was provided to do us good.
Write a sentence If I had a mind to be honest, I see Fortune would
Write a sentence Sir, you have done enough, and have perform'd
Write a sentence Whilst I remember
Write a sentence True, too true, my lord:
Write a sentence I think so. Kill'd!
Write a sentence Not at all, good lady:
Write a sentence You are one of those
Write a sentence If you would not so,
Write a sentence There is none worthy,
Write a sentence Good Paulina,
Write a sentence And left them
Write a sentence Thou speak'st truth.
Write a sentence Had she such power,
Write a sentence She had; and would incense me
Write a sentence I should so.
Write a sentence Stars, stars,
Write a sentence Will you swear
Write a sentence Never, Paulina; so be blest my spirit!
Write a sentence Then, good my lords, bear witness to his oath.
Write a sentence You tempt him over-much.
Write a sentence Unless another,
Write a sentence Good madam,--
Write a sentence I have done.
Write a sentence My true Paulina,
Write a sentence That
Write a sentence One that gives out himself Prince Florizel,
Write a sentence What with him? he comes not
Write a sentence But few,
Write a sentence His princess, say you, with him?
Write a sentence Ay, the most peerless piece of earth, I think,
Write a sentence O Hermione,
Write a sentence Pardon, madam:
Write a sentence How! not women?
Write a sentence Women will love her, that she is a woman
Write a sentence Go, Cleomenes;
Write a sentence Had our prince,
Write a sentence Prithee, no more; cease; thou know'st
Write a sentence By his command
Write a sentence O my brother,
Write a sentence Good my lord,
Write a sentence Where the warlike Smalus,
Write a sentence Most royal sir, from thence; from him, whose daughter
Write a sentence The blessed gods
Write a sentence Most noble sir,
Write a sentence Where's Bohemia? speak.
Write a sentence Here in your city; I now came from him:
Write a sentence Camillo has betray'd me;
Write a sentence Lay't so to his charge:
Write a sentence Who? Camillo?
Write a sentence Camillo, sir; I spake with him; who now
Write a sentence O my poor father!
Write a sentence You are married?
Write a sentence We are not, sir, nor are we like to be;
Write a sentence My lord,
Write a sentence She is,
Write a sentence That 'once' I see by your good father's speed
Write a sentence Dear, look up:
Write a sentence Would he do so, I'ld beg your precious mistress,
Write a sentence Sir, my liege,
Write a sentence I thought of her,
Write a sentence Beseech you, sir, were you present at this relation?
Write a sentence I was by at the opening of the fardel, heard the old
Write a sentence I would most gladly know the issue of it.
Write a sentence I make a broken delivery of the business; but the
Write a sentence Nothing but bonfires: the oracle is fulfilled; the
Write a sentence Most true, if ever truth were pregnant by
Write a sentence No.
Write a sentence Then have you lost a sight, which was to be seen,
Write a sentence What, pray you, became of Antigonus, that carried
Write a sentence Like an old tale still, which will have matter to
Write a sentence What became of his bark and his followers?
Write a sentence Wrecked the same instant of their master's death and
Write a sentence The dignity of this act was worth the audience of
Write a sentence One of the prettiest touches of all and that which
Write a sentence Are they returned to the court?
Write a sentence No: the princess hearing of her mother's statue,
Write a sentence I thought she had some great matter there in hand;
Write a sentence Who would be thence that has the benefit of access?
Write a sentence Now, had I not the dash of my former life in me,
Write a sentence Come, boy; I am past moe children, but thy sons and
Write a sentence You are well met, sir. You denied to fight with me
Write a sentence I know you are now, sir, a gentleman born.
Write a sentence Ay, and have been so any time these four hours.
Write a sentence And so have I, boy.
Write a sentence So you have: but I was a gentleman born before my
Write a sentence We may live, son, to shed many more.
Write a sentence Ay; or else 'twere hard luck, being in so
Write a sentence I humbly beseech you, sir, to pardon me all the
Write a sentence Prithee, son, do; for we must be gentle, now we are
Write a sentence Thou wilt amend thy life?
Write a sentence Ay, an it like your good worship.
Write a sentence Give me thy hand: I will swear to the prince thou
Write a sentence You may say it, but not swear it.
Write a sentence Not swear it, now I am a gentleman? Let boors and
Write a sentence How if it be false, son?
Write a sentence If it be ne'er so false, a true gentleman may swear
Write a sentence I will prove so, sir, to my power.
Write a sentence Ay, by any means prove a tall fellow: if I do not
Write a sentence O grave and good Paulina, the great comfort
Write a sentence What, sovereign sir,
Write a sentence O Paulina,
Write a sentence As she lived peerless,
Write a sentence Her natural posture!
Write a sentence O, not by much.
Write a sentence So much the more our carver's excellence;
Write a sentence As now she might have done,
Write a sentence And give me leave,
Write a sentence O, patience!
Write a sentence My lord, your sorrow was too sore laid on,
Write a sentence Dear my brother,
Write a sentence Indeed, my lord,
Write a sentence Do not draw the curtain.
Write a sentence No longer shall you gaze on't, lest your fancy
Write a sentence Let be, let be.
Write a sentence Masterly done:
Write a sentence The fixture of her eye has motion in't,
Write a sentence I'll draw the curtain:
Write a sentence O sweet Paulina,
Write a sentence I am sorry, sir, I have thus far stirr'd you: but
Write a sentence Do, Paulina;
Write a sentence Good my lord, forbear:
Write a sentence No, not these twenty years.
Write a sentence So long could I
Write a sentence Either forbear,
Write a sentence What you can make her do,
Write a sentence It is required
Write a sentence Proceed:
Write a sentence Music, awake her; strike!
Write a sentence O, she's warm!
Write a sentence She embraces him.
Write a sentence She hangs about his neck:
Write a sentence Ay, and make't manifest where she has lived,
Write a sentence That she is living,
Write a sentence You gods, look down
Write a sentence There's time enough for that;
Write a sentence O, peace, Paulina!
Write a sentence Escalus.
Write a sentence My lord.
Write a sentence Of government the properties to unfold,
Write a sentence If any in Vienna be of worth
Write a sentence Look where he comes.
Write a sentence Always obedient to your grace's will,
Write a sentence Angelo,
Write a sentence Now, good my lord,
Write a sentence No more evasion:
Write a sentence Yet give leave, my lord,
Write a sentence My haste may not admit it;
Write a sentence The heavens give safety to your purposes!
Write a sentence Lead forth and bring you back in happiness!
Write a sentence I thank you. Fare you well.
Write a sentence I shall desire you, sir, to give me leave
Write a sentence 'Tis so with me. Let us withdraw together,
Write a sentence I'll wait upon your honour.
Write a sentence If the duke with the other dukes come not to
Write a sentence Heaven grant us its peace, but not the King of
Write a sentence Amen.
Write a sentence Thou concludest like the sanctimonious pirate, that
Write a sentence 'Thou shalt not steal'?
Write a sentence Ay, that he razed.
Write a sentence Why, 'twas a commandment to command the captain and
Write a sentence I never heard any soldier dislike it.
Write a sentence I believe thee; for I think thou never wast where
Write a sentence No? a dozen times at least.
Write a sentence What, in metre?
Write a sentence In any proportion or in any language.
Write a sentence I think, or in any religion.
Write a sentence Ay, why not? Grace is grace, despite of all
Write a sentence Well, there went but a pair of shears between us.
Write a sentence I grant; as there may between the lists and the
Write a sentence And thou the velvet: thou art good velvet; thou'rt
Write a sentence I think thou dost; and, indeed, with most painful
Write a sentence I think I have done myself wrong, have I not?
Write a sentence Yes, that thou hast, whether thou art tainted or free.
Write a sentence Behold, behold. where Madam Mitigation comes! I
Write a sentence To what, I pray?
Write a sentence Judge.
Write a sentence To three thousand dolours a year.
Write a sentence Ay, and more.
Write a sentence A French crown more.
Write a sentence Thou art always figuring diseases in me; but thou
Write a sentence Nay, not as one would say, healthy; but so sound as
Write a sentence How now! which of your hips has the most profound sciatica?
Write a sentence Well, well; there's one yonder arrested and carried
Write a sentence Who's that, I pray thee?
Write a sentence Marry, sir, that's Claudio, Signior Claudio.
Write a sentence Claudio to prison? 'tis not so.
Write a sentence Nay, but I know 'tis so: I saw him arrested, saw
Write a sentence But, after all this fooling, I would not have it so.
Write a sentence I am too sure of it: and it is for getting Madam
Write a sentence Believe me, this may be: he promised to meet me two
Write a sentence Besides, you know, it draws something near to the
Write a sentence But, most of all, agreeing with the proclamation.
Write a sentence Away! let's go learn the truth of it.
Write a sentence Thus, what with the war, what with the sweat, what
Write a sentence Yonder man is carried to prison.
Write a sentence Well; what has he done?
Write a sentence A woman.
Write a sentence But what's his offence?
Write a sentence Groping for trouts in a peculiar river.
Write a sentence What, is there a maid with child by him?
Write a sentence No, but there's a woman with maid by him. You have
Write a sentence What proclamation, man?
Write a sentence All houses in the suburbs of Vienna must be plucked down.
Write a sentence And what shall become of those in the city?
Write a sentence They shall stand for seed: they had gone down too,
Write a sentence But shall all our houses of resort in the suburbs be
Write a sentence To the ground, mistress.
Write a sentence Why, here's a change indeed in the commonwealth!
Write a sentence Come; fear you not: good counsellors lack no
Write a sentence What's to do here, Thomas tapster? let's withdraw.
Write a sentence Here comes Signior Claudio, led by the provost to
Write a sentence Fellow, why dost thou show me thus to the world?
Write a sentence I do it not in evil disposition,
Write a sentence Thus can the demigod Authority
Write a sentence Why, how now, Claudio! whence comes this restraint?
Write a sentence From too much liberty, my Lucio, liberty:
Write a sentence If could speak so wisely under an arrest, I would
Write a sentence What but to speak of would offend again.
Write a sentence What, is't murder?
Write a sentence No.
Write a sentence Lechery?
Write a sentence Call it so.
Write a sentence Away, sir! you must go.
Write a sentence One word, good friend. Lucio, a word with you.
Write a sentence A hundred, if they'll do you any good.
Write a sentence Thus stands it with me: upon a true contract
Write a sentence With child, perhaps?
Write a sentence Unhappily, even so.
Write a sentence I warrant it is: and thy head stands so tickle on
Write a sentence I have done so, but he's not to be found.
Write a sentence I pray she may; as well for the encouragement of the
Write a sentence I thank you, good friend Lucio.
Write a sentence Within two hours.
Write a sentence Come, officer, away!
Write a sentence No, holy father; throw away that thought;
Write a sentence May your grace speak of it?
Write a sentence My holy sir, none better knows than you
Write a sentence Gladly, my lord.
Write a sentence We have strict statutes and most biting laws.
Write a sentence It rested in your grace
Write a sentence I do fear, too dreadful:
Write a sentence And have you nuns no farther privileges?
Write a sentence Are not these large enough?
Write a sentence Yes, truly; I speak not as desiring more;
Write a sentence Who's that which calls?
Write a sentence It is a man's voice. Gentle Isabella,
Write a sentence Peace and prosperity! Who is't that calls
Write a sentence Hail, virgin, if you be, as those cheek-roses
Write a sentence Why 'her unhappy brother'? let me ask,
Write a sentence Gentle and fair, your brother kindly greets you:
Write a sentence Woe me! for what?
Write a sentence For that which, if myself might be his judge,
Write a sentence Sir, make me not your story.
Write a sentence It is true.
Write a sentence You do blaspheme the good in mocking me.
Write a sentence Do not believe it. Fewness and truth, 'tis thus:
Write a sentence Some one with child by him? My cousin Juliet?
Write a sentence Is she your cousin?
Write a sentence Adoptedly; as school-maids change their names
Write a sentence She it is.
Write a sentence O, let him marry her.
Write a sentence This is the point.
Write a sentence Doth he so seek his life?
Write a sentence Has censured him
Write a sentence Alas! what poor ability's in me
Write a sentence Assay the power you have.
Write a sentence My power? Alas, I doubt--
Write a sentence Our doubts are traitors
Write a sentence I'll see what I can do.
Write a sentence But speedily.
Write a sentence I will about it straight;
Write a sentence I take my leave of you.
Write a sentence Good sir, adieu.
Write a sentence We must not make a scarecrow of the law,
Write a sentence Ay, but yet
Write a sentence 'Tis one thing to be tempted, Escalus,
Write a sentence Be it as your wisdom will.
Write a sentence Where is the provost?
Write a sentence Here, if it like your honour.
Write a sentence See that Claudio
Write a sentence Come, bring them away: if these be good people in
Write a sentence How now, sir! What's your name? and what's the matter?
Write a sentence If it Please your honour, I am the poor duke's
Write a sentence Benefactors? Well; what benefactors are they? are
Write a sentence If it? please your honour, I know not well what they
Write a sentence This comes off well; here's a wise officer.
Write a sentence Go to: what quality are they of? Elbow is your
Write a sentence He cannot, sir; he's out at elbow.
Write a sentence What are you, sir?
Write a sentence He, sir! a tapster, sir; parcel-bawd; one that
Write a sentence How know you that?
Write a sentence My wife, sir, whom I detest before heaven and your honour,--
Write a sentence How? thy wife?
Write a sentence Ay, sir; whom, I thank heaven, is an honest woman,--
Write a sentence Dost thou detest her therefore?
Write a sentence I say, sir, I will detest myself also, as well as
Write a sentence How dost thou know that, constable?
Write a sentence Marry, sir, by my wife; who, if she had been a woman
Write a sentence By the woman's means?
Write a sentence Ay, sir, by Mistress Overdone's means: but as she
Write a sentence Sir, if it please your honour, this is not so.
Write a sentence Prove it before these varlets here, thou honourable
Write a sentence Do you hear how he misplaces?
Write a sentence Sir, she came in great with child; and longing,
Write a sentence Go to, go to: no matter for the dish, sir.
Write a sentence No, indeed, sir, not of a pin; you are therein in
Write a sentence No, indeed.
Write a sentence Very well: you being then, if you be remembered,
Write a sentence Ay, so I did indeed.
Write a sentence Why, very well; I telling you then, if you be
Write a sentence All this is true.
Write a sentence Why, very well, then,--
Write a sentence Come, you are a tedious fool: to the purpose. What
Write a sentence Sir, your honour cannot come to that yet.
Write a sentence No, sir, nor I mean it not.
Write a sentence Sir, but you shall come to it, by your honour's
Write a sentence All-hallond eve.
Write a sentence Why, very well; I hope here be truths. He, sir,
Write a sentence I have so; because it is an open room and good for winter.
Write a sentence Why, very well, then; I hope here be truths.
Write a sentence This will last out a night in Russia,
Write a sentence I think no less. Good morrow to your lordship.
Write a sentence Once, sir? there was nothing done to her once.
Write a sentence I beseech you, sir, ask him what this man did to my wife.
Write a sentence I beseech your honour, ask me.
Write a sentence Well, sir; what did this gentleman to her?
Write a sentence I beseech you, sir, look in this gentleman's face.
Write a sentence Ay, sir, very well.
Write a sentence Nay; I beseech you, mark it well.
Write a sentence Well, I do so.
Write a sentence Doth your honour see any harm in his face?
Write a sentence Why, no.
Write a sentence I'll be supposed upon a book, his face is the worst
Write a sentence He's in the right. Constable, what say you to it?
Write a sentence First, an it like you, the house is a respected
Write a sentence By this hand, sir, his wife is a more respected
Write a sentence Varlet, thou liest; thou liest, wicked varlet! the
Write a sentence Sir, she was respected with him before he married with her.
Write a sentence Which is the wiser here? Justice or Iniquity? Is
Write a sentence O thou caitiff! O thou varlet! O thou wicked
Write a sentence If he took you a box o' the ear, you might have your
Write a sentence Marry, I thank your good worship for it. What is't
Write a sentence Truly, officer, because he hath some offences in him
Write a sentence Marry, I thank your worship for it. Thou seest, thou
Write a sentence Where were you born, friend?
Write a sentence Here in Vienna, sir.
Write a sentence Are you of fourscore pounds a year?
Write a sentence Yes, an't please you, sir.
Write a sentence So. What trade are you of, sir?
Write a sentence Tapster; a poor widow's tapster.
Write a sentence Your mistress' name?
Write a sentence Mistress Overdone.
Write a sentence Hath she had any more than one husband?
Write a sentence Nine, sir; Overdone by the last.
Write a sentence Nine! Come hither to me, Master Froth. Master
Write a sentence I thank your worship. For mine own part, I never
Write a sentence Well, no more of it, Master Froth: farewell.
Write a sentence Pompey.
Write a sentence What else?
Write a sentence Bum, sir.
Write a sentence Troth, and your bum is the greatest thing about you;
Write a sentence Truly, sir, I am a poor fellow that would live.
Write a sentence How would you live, Pompey? by being a bawd? What
Write a sentence If the law would allow it, sir.
Write a sentence But the law will not allow it, Pompey; nor it shall
Write a sentence Does your worship mean to geld and splay all the
Write a sentence No, Pompey.
Write a sentence Truly, sir, in my poor opinion, they will to't then.
Write a sentence There are pretty orders beginning, I can tell you:
Write a sentence If you head and hang all that offend that way but
Write a sentence Thank you, good Pompey; and, in requital of your
Write a sentence I thank your worship for your good counsel:
Write a sentence Come hither to me, Master Elbow; come hither, Master
Write a sentence Seven year and a half, sir.
Write a sentence I thought, by your readiness in the office, you had
Write a sentence And a half, sir.
Write a sentence Alas, it hath been great pains to you. They do you
Write a sentence Faith, sir, few of any wit in such matters: as they
Write a sentence Look you bring me in the names of some six or seven,
Write a sentence To your worship's house, sir?
Write a sentence To my house. Fare you well.
Write a sentence Eleven, sir.
Write a sentence I pray you home to dinner with me.
Write a sentence I humbly thank you.
Write a sentence It grieves me for the death of Claudio;
Write a sentence Lord Angelo is severe.
Write a sentence It is but needful:
Write a sentence He's hearing of a cause; he will come straight
Write a sentence Pray you, do.
Write a sentence Now, what's the matter. Provost?
Write a sentence Is it your will Claudio shall die tomorrow?
Write a sentence Did not I tell thee yea? hadst thou not order?
Write a sentence Lest I might be too rash:
Write a sentence Go to; let that be mine:
Write a sentence I crave your honour's pardon.
Write a sentence Dispose of her
Write a sentence Here is the sister of the man condemn'd
Write a sentence Hath he a sister?
Write a sentence Ay, my good lord; a very virtuous maid,
Write a sentence Well, let her be admitted.
Write a sentence God save your honour!
Write a sentence Stay a little while.
Write a sentence I am a woeful suitor to your honour,
Write a sentence Well; what's your suit?
Write a sentence There is a vice that most I do abhor,
Write a sentence Well; the matter?
Write a sentence I have a brother is condemn'd to die:
Write a sentence Condemn the fault and not the actor of it?
Write a sentence O just but severe law!
Write a sentence Must he needs die?
Write a sentence Maiden, no remedy.
Write a sentence Yes; I do think that you might pardon him,
Write a sentence I will not do't.
Write a sentence But can you, if you would?
Write a sentence Look, what I will not, that I cannot do.
Write a sentence But might you do't, and do the world no wrong,
Write a sentence He's sentenced; 'tis too late.
Write a sentence Too late? why, no; I, that do speak a word.
Write a sentence Pray you, be gone.
Write a sentence I would to heaven I had your potency,
Write a sentence Your brother is a forfeit of the law,
Write a sentence Alas, alas!
Write a sentence Be you content, fair maid;
Write a sentence To-morrow! O, that's sudden! Spare him, spare him!
Write a sentence The law hath not been dead, though it hath slept:
Write a sentence Yet show some pity.
Write a sentence I show it most of all when I show justice;
Write a sentence So you must be the first that gives this sentence,
Write a sentence Could great men thunder
Write a sentence We cannot weigh our brother with ourself:
Write a sentence Thou'rt i' the right, girl; more o, that.
Write a sentence That in the captain's but a choleric word,
Write a sentence Why do you put these sayings upon me?
Write a sentence Because authority, though it err like others,
Write a sentence Gentle my lord, turn back.
Write a sentence I will bethink me: come again tomorrow.
Write a sentence Hark how I'll bribe you: good my lord, turn back.
Write a sentence How! bribe me?
Write a sentence Ay, with such gifts that heaven shall share with you.
Write a sentence Not with fond shekels of the tested gold,
Write a sentence Well; come to me to-morrow.
Write a sentence Heaven keep your honour safe!
Write a sentence At what hour to-morrow
Write a sentence At any time 'fore noon.
Write a sentence 'Save your honour!
Write a sentence From thee, even from thy virtue!
Write a sentence Hail to you, provost! so I think you are.
Write a sentence I am the provost. What's your will, good friar?
Write a sentence Bound by my charity and my blest order,
Write a sentence I would do more than that, if more were needful.
Write a sentence When must he die?
Write a sentence As I do think, to-morrow.
Write a sentence Repent you, fair one, of the sin you carry?
Write a sentence I do; and bear the shame most patiently.
Write a sentence I'll teach you how you shall arraign your conscience,
Write a sentence I'll gladly learn.
Write a sentence Love you the man that wrong'd you?
Write a sentence Yes, as I love the woman that wrong'd him.
Write a sentence So then it seems your most offenceful act
Write a sentence Mutually.
Write a sentence Then was your sin of heavier kind than his.
Write a sentence I do confess it, and repent it, father.
Write a sentence 'Tis meet so, daughter: but lest you do repent,
Write a sentence I do repent me, as it is an evil,
Write a sentence There rest.
Write a sentence Must die to-morrow! O injurious love,
Write a sentence 'Tis pity of him.
Write a sentence When I would pray and think, I think and pray
Write a sentence One Isabel, a sister, desires access to you.
Write a sentence Teach her the way.
Write a sentence I am come to know your pleasure.
Write a sentence That you might know it, would much better please me
Write a sentence Even so. Heaven keep your honour!
Write a sentence Yet may he live awhile; and, it may be,
Write a sentence Under your sentence?
Write a sentence Yea.
Write a sentence When, I beseech you? that in his reprieve,
Write a sentence Ha! fie, these filthy vices! It were as good
Write a sentence 'Tis set down so in heaven, but not in earth.
Write a sentence Say you so? then I shall pose you quickly.
Write a sentence Sir, believe this,
Write a sentence I talk not of your soul: our compell'd sins
Write a sentence How say you?
Write a sentence Nay, I'll not warrant that; for I can speak
Write a sentence Please you to do't,
Write a sentence Pleased you to do't at peril of your soul,
Write a sentence That I do beg his life, if it be sin,
Write a sentence Nay, but hear me.
Write a sentence Let me be ignorant, and in nothing good,
Write a sentence Thus wisdom wishes to appear most bright
Write a sentence So.
Write a sentence And his offence is so, as it appears,
Write a sentence True.
Write a sentence Admit no other way to save his life,--
Write a sentence As much for my poor brother as myself:
Write a sentence Then must your brother die.
Write a sentence And 'twere the cheaper way:
Write a sentence Were not you then as cruel as the sentence
Write a sentence Ignomy in ransom and free pardon
Write a sentence You seem'd of late to make the law a tyrant;
Write a sentence O, pardon me, my lord; it oft falls out,
Write a sentence We are all frail.
Write a sentence Else let my brother die,
Write a sentence Nay, women are frail too.
Write a sentence Ay, as the glasses where they view themselves;
Write a sentence I think it well:
Write a sentence I have no tongue but one: gentle my lord,
Write a sentence Plainly conceive, I love you.
Write a sentence My brother did love Juliet,
Write a sentence He shall not, Isabel, if you give me love.
Write a sentence I know your virtue hath a licence in't,
Write a sentence Believe me, on mine honour,
Write a sentence Ha! little honour to be much believed,
Write a sentence Who will believe thee, Isabel?
Write a sentence To whom should I complain? Did I tell this,
Write a sentence So then you hope of pardon from Lord Angelo?
Write a sentence The miserable have no other medicine
Write a sentence Be absolute for death; either death or life
Write a sentence I humbly thank you.
Write a sentence Who's there? come in: the wish deserves a welcome.
Write a sentence Dear sir, ere long I'll visit you again.
Write a sentence Most holy sir, I thank you.
Write a sentence My business is a word or two with Claudio.
Write a sentence And very welcome. Look, signior, here's your sister.
Write a sentence Provost, a word with you.
Write a sentence As many as you please.
Write a sentence Bring me to hear them speak, where I may be concealed.
Write a sentence Now, sister, what's the comfort?
Write a sentence Why,
Write a sentence Is there no remedy?
Write a sentence None, but such remedy as, to save a head,
Write a sentence But is there any?
Write a sentence Yes, brother, you may live:
Write a sentence Perpetual durance?
Write a sentence Ay, just; perpetual durance, a restraint,
Write a sentence But in what nature?
Write a sentence In such a one as, you consenting to't,
Write a sentence Let me know the point.
Write a sentence O, I do fear thee, Claudio; and I quake,
Write a sentence Why give you me this shame?
Write a sentence There spake my brother; there my father's grave
Write a sentence The prenzie Angelo!
Write a sentence O, 'tis the cunning livery of hell,
Write a sentence O heavens! it cannot be.
Write a sentence Yes, he would give't thee, from this rank offence,
Write a sentence Thou shalt not do't.
Write a sentence O, were it but my life,
Write a sentence Thanks, dear Isabel.
Write a sentence Be ready, Claudio, for your death tomorrow.
Write a sentence Yes. Has he affections in him,
Write a sentence Which is the least?
Write a sentence If it were damnable, he being so wise,
Write a sentence What says my brother?
Write a sentence Death is a fearful thing.
Write a sentence And shamed life a hateful.
Write a sentence Ay, but to die, and go we know not where;
Write a sentence Alas, alas!
Write a sentence Sweet sister, let me live:
Write a sentence O you beast!
Write a sentence Nay, hear me, Isabel.
Write a sentence O, fie, fie, fie!
Write a sentence O hear me, Isabella!
Write a sentence Vouchsafe a word, young sister, but one word.
Write a sentence What is your will?
Write a sentence Might you dispense with your leisure, I would by and
Write a sentence I have no superfluous leisure; my stay must be
Write a sentence Son, I have overheard what hath passed between you
Write a sentence Let me ask my sister pardon. I am so out of love
Write a sentence Hold you there: farewell.
Write a sentence What's your will, father
Write a sentence That now you are come, you will be gone. Leave me
Write a sentence In good time.
Write a sentence The hand that hath made you fair hath made you good:
Write a sentence I am now going to resolve him: I had rather my
Write a sentence That shall not be much amiss: Yet, as the matter
Write a sentence Let me hear you speak farther. I have spirit to do
Write a sentence Virtue is bold, and goodness never fearful. Have
Write a sentence I have heard of the lady, and good words went with her name.
Write a sentence She should this Angelo have married; was affianced
Write a sentence Can this be so? did Angelo so leave her?
Write a sentence Left her in her tears, and dried not one of them
Write a sentence What a merit were it in death to take this poor maid
Write a sentence It is a rupture that you may easily heal: and the
Write a sentence Show me how, good father.
Write a sentence This forenamed maid hath yet in her the continuance
Write a sentence The image of it gives me content already; and I
Write a sentence It lies much in your holding up. Haste you speedily
Write a sentence I thank you for this comfort. Fare you well, good father.
Write a sentence Nay, if there be no remedy for it, but that you will
Write a sentence O heavens! what stuff is here
Write a sentence 'Twas never merry world since, of two usuries, the
Write a sentence Come your way, sir. 'Bless you, good father friar.
Write a sentence And you, good brother father. What offence hath
Write a sentence Marry, sir, he hath offended the law: and, sir, we
Write a sentence Fie, sirrah! a bawd, a wicked bawd!
Write a sentence Indeed, it does stink in some sort, sir; but yet,
Write a sentence Nay, if the devil have given thee proofs for sin,
Write a sentence He must before the deputy, sir; he has given him
Write a sentence That we were all, as some would seem to be,
Write a sentence His neck will come to your waist,--a cord, sir.
Write a sentence I spy comfort; I cry bail. Here's a gentleman and a
Write a sentence How now, noble Pompey! What, at the wheels of
Write a sentence Still thus, and thus; still worse!
Write a sentence How doth my dear morsel, thy mistress? Procures she
Write a sentence Troth, sir, she hath eaten up all her beef, and she
Write a sentence Why, 'tis good; it is the right of it; it must be
Write a sentence Yes, faith, sir.
Write a sentence Why, 'tis not amiss, Pompey. Farewell: go, say I
Write a sentence For being a bawd, for being a bawd.
Write a sentence Well, then, imprison him: if imprisonment be the
Write a sentence I hope, sir, your good worship will be my bail.
Write a sentence No, indeed, will I not, Pompey; it is not the wear.
Write a sentence And you.
Write a sentence Does Bridget paint still, Pompey, ha?
Write a sentence Come your ways, sir; come.
Write a sentence You will not bail me, then, sir?
Write a sentence Then, Pompey, nor now. What news abroad, friar?
Write a sentence Come your ways, sir; come.
Write a sentence Go to kennel, Pompey; go.
Write a sentence I know none. Can you tell me of any?
Write a sentence Some say he is with the Emperor of Russia; other
Write a sentence I know not where; but wheresoever, I wish him well.
Write a sentence It was a mad fantastical trick of him to steal from
Write a sentence He does well in 't.
Write a sentence A little more lenity to lechery would do no harm in
Write a sentence It is too general a vice, and severity must cure it.
Write a sentence Yes, in good sooth, the vice is of a great kindred;
Write a sentence How should he be made, then?
Write a sentence Some report a sea-maid spawned him; some, that he
Write a sentence You are pleasant, sir, and speak apace.
Write a sentence Why, what a ruthless thing is this in him, for the
Write a sentence I never heard the absent duke much detected for
Write a sentence O, sir, you are deceived.
Write a sentence 'Tis not possible.
Write a sentence Who, not the duke? yes, your beggar of fifty; and
Write a sentence You do him wrong, surely.
Write a sentence Sir, I was an inward of his. A shy fellow was the
Write a sentence What, I prithee, might be the cause?
Write a sentence No, pardon; 'tis a secret must be locked within the
Write a sentence Wise! why, no question but he was.
Write a sentence A very superficial, ignorant, unweighing fellow.
Write a sentence Either this is the envy in you, folly, or mistaking:
Write a sentence Sir, I know him, and I love him.
Write a sentence Love talks with better knowledge, and knowledge with
Write a sentence Come, sir, I know what I know.
Write a sentence I can hardly believe that, since you know not what
Write a sentence Sir, my name is Lucio; well known to the duke.
Write a sentence He shall know you better, sir, if I may live to
Write a sentence I fear you not.
Write a sentence O, you hope the duke will return no more; or you
Write a sentence I'll be hanged first: thou art deceived in me,
Write a sentence Why should he die, sir?
Write a sentence Why? For filling a bottle with a tundish. I would
Write a sentence No might nor greatness in mortality
Write a sentence Go; away with her to prison!
Write a sentence Good my lord, be good to me; your honour is accounted
Write a sentence Double and treble admonition, and still forfeit in
Write a sentence A bawd of eleven years' continuance, may it please
Write a sentence My lord, this is one Lucio's information against me.
Write a sentence That fellow is a fellow of much licence: let him be
Write a sentence So please you, this friar hath been with him, and
Write a sentence Good even, good father.
Write a sentence Bliss and goodness on you!
Write a sentence Of whence are you?
Write a sentence Not of this country, though my chance is now
Write a sentence What news abroad i' the world?
Write a sentence None, but that there is so great a fever on
Write a sentence One that, above all other strifes, contended
Write a sentence What pleasure was he given to?
Write a sentence Rather rejoicing to see another merry, than merry at
Write a sentence He professes to have received no sinister measure
Write a sentence You have paid the heavens your function, and the
Write a sentence If his own life answer the straitness of his
Write a sentence I am going to visit the prisoner. Fare you well.
Write a sentence Peace be with you!
Write a sentence MARIANA:
Write a sentence 'Tis good; though music oft hath such a charm
Write a sentence You have not been inquired after:
Write a sentence I do constantly believe you. The time is come even
Write a sentence I am always bound to you.
Write a sentence Very well met, and well come.
Write a sentence He hath a garden circummured with brick,
Write a sentence But shall you on your knowledge find this way?
Write a sentence I have ta'en a due and wary note upon't:
Write a sentence Are there no other tokens
Write a sentence No, none, but only a repair i' the dark;
Write a sentence 'Tis well borne up.
Write a sentence I do desire the like.
Write a sentence Do you persuade yourself that I respect you?
Write a sentence Good friar, I know you do, and have found it.
Write a sentence Take, then, this your companion by the hand,
Write a sentence Will't please you walk aside?
Write a sentence O place and greatness! millions of false eyes
Write a sentence She'll take the enterprise upon her, father,
Write a sentence It is not my consent,
Write a sentence Little have you to say
Write a sentence Fear me not.
Write a sentence Nor, gentle daughter, fear you not at all.
Write a sentence Come hither, sirrah. Can you cut off a man's head?
Write a sentence If the man be a bachelor, sir, I can; but if he be a
Write a sentence Come, sir, leave me your snatches, and yield me a
Write a sentence Sir, I have been an unlawful bawd time out of mind;
Write a sentence What, ho! Abhorson! Where's Abhorson, there?
Write a sentence Do you call, sir?
Write a sentence Sirrah, here's a fellow will help you to-morrow in
Write a sentence A bawd, sir? fie upon him! he will discredit our mystery.
Write a sentence Go to, sir; you weigh equally; a feather will turn
Write a sentence Pray, sir, by your good favour,--for surely, sir, a
Write a sentence Ay, sir; a mystery
Write a sentence Painting, sir, I have heard say, is a mystery; and
Write a sentence Sir, it is a mystery.
Write a sentence Proof?
Write a sentence Every true man's apparel fits your thief: if it be
Write a sentence Are you agreed?
Write a sentence Sir, I will serve him; for I do find your hangman is
Write a sentence You, sirrah, provide your block and your axe
Write a sentence Come on, bawd; I will instruct thee in my trade; follow.
Write a sentence I do desire to learn, sir: and I hope, if you have
Write a sentence Call hither Barnardine and Claudio:
Write a sentence As fast lock'd up in sleep as guiltless labour
Write a sentence Who can do good on him?
Write a sentence The best and wholesomest spirts of the night
Write a sentence None, since the curfew rung.
Write a sentence Not Isabel?
Write a sentence No.
Write a sentence They will, then, ere't be long.
Write a sentence What comfort is for Claudio?
Write a sentence There's some in hope.
Write a sentence It is a bitter deputy.
Write a sentence Not so, not so; his life is parallel'd
Write a sentence There he must stay until the officer
Write a sentence Have you no countermand for Claudio yet,
Write a sentence None, sir, none.
Write a sentence As near the dawning, provost, as it is,
Write a sentence Happily
Write a sentence And here comes Claudio's pardon.
Write a sentence I shall obey him.
Write a sentence I told you. Lord Angelo, belike thinking me remiss
Write a sentence Pray you, let's hear.
Write a sentence What is that Barnardine who is to be executed in the
Write a sentence A Bohemian born, but here nursed un and bred; one
Write a sentence How came it that the absent duke had not either
Write a sentence His friends still wrought reprieves for him: and,
Write a sentence It is now apparent?
Write a sentence Most manifest, and not denied by himself.
Write a sentence Hath he born himself penitently in prison? how
Write a sentence A man that apprehends death no more dreadfully but
Write a sentence He wants advice.
Write a sentence He will hear none: he hath evermore had the liberty
Write a sentence More of him anon. There is written in your brow,
Write a sentence Pray, sir, in what?
Write a sentence In the delaying death.
Write a sentence A lack, how may I do it, having the hour limited,
Write a sentence By the vow of mine order I warrant you, if my
Write a sentence Angelo hath seen them both, and will discover the favour.
Write a sentence O, death's a great disguiser; and you may add to it.
Write a sentence Pardon me, good father; it is against my oath.
Write a sentence Were you sworn to the duke, or to the deputy?
Write a sentence To him, and to his substitutes.
Write a sentence You will think you have made no offence, if the duke
Write a sentence But what likelihood is in that?
Write a sentence Not a resemblance, but a certainty. Yet since I see
Write a sentence I know them both.
Write a sentence The contents of this is the return of the duke: you
Write a sentence I am as well acquainted here as I was in our house
Write a sentence Sirrah, bring Barnardine hither.
Write a sentence Master Barnardine! you must rise and be hanged.
Write a sentence What, ho, Barnardine!
Write a sentence Your friends, sir; the hangman. You must be so
Write a sentence Tell him he must awake, and that quickly too.
Write a sentence Pray, Master Barnardine, awake till you are
Write a sentence Go in to him, and fetch him out.
Write a sentence He is coming, sir, he is coming; I hear his straw rustle.
Write a sentence Is the axe upon the block, sirrah?
Write a sentence Very ready, sir.
Write a sentence How now, Abhorson? what's the news with you?
Write a sentence Truly, sir, I would desire you to clap into your
Write a sentence You rogue, I have been drinking all night; I am not
Write a sentence O, the better, sir; for he that drinks all night,
Write a sentence Look you, sir; here comes your ghostly father: do
Write a sentence Sir, induced by my charity, and hearing how hastily
Write a sentence Friar, not I I have been drinking hard all night,
Write a sentence O, sir, you must: and therefore I beseech you
Write a sentence I swear I will not die to-day for any man's
Write a sentence But hear you.
Write a sentence Not a word: if you have any thing to say to me,
Write a sentence Unfit to live or die: O gravel heart!
Write a sentence Now, sir, how do you find the prisoner?
Write a sentence A creature unprepared, unmeet for death;
Write a sentence Here in the prison, father,
Write a sentence O, 'tis an accident that heaven provides!
Write a sentence This shall be done, good father, presently.
Write a sentence Let this be done.
Write a sentence I am your free dependant.
Write a sentence Quick, dispatch, and send the head to Angelo.
Write a sentence Here is the head; I'll carry it myself.
Write a sentence Convenient is it. Make a swift return;
Write a sentence I'll make all speed.
Write a sentence The tongue of Isabel. She's come to know
Write a sentence Ho, by your leave!
Write a sentence Good morning to you, fair and gracious daughter.
Write a sentence The better, given me by so holy a man.
Write a sentence He hath released him, Isabel, from the world:
Write a sentence Nay, but it is not so.
Write a sentence It is no other: show your wisdom, daughter,
Write a sentence O, I will to him and pluck out his eyes!
Write a sentence You shall not be admitted to his sight.
Write a sentence Unhappy Claudio! wretched Isabel!
Write a sentence This nor hurts him nor profits you a jot;
Write a sentence I am directed by you.
Write a sentence This letter, then, to Friar Peter give;
Write a sentence Good even. Friar, where's the provost?
Write a sentence Not within, sir.
Write a sentence O pretty Isabella, I am pale at mine heart to see
Write a sentence Sir, the duke is marvellous little beholding to your
Write a sentence Friar, thou knowest not the duke so well as I do:
Write a sentence Well, you'll answer this one day. Fare ye well.
Write a sentence Nay, tarry; I'll go along with thee
Write a sentence You have told me too many of him already, sir, if
Write a sentence I was once before him for getting a wench with child.
Write a sentence Did you such a thing?
Write a sentence Yes, marry, did I but I was fain to forswear it;
Write a sentence Sir, your company is fairer than honest. Rest you well.
Write a sentence By my troth, I'll go with thee to the lane's end:
Write a sentence Every letter he hath writ hath disvouched other.
Write a sentence In most uneven and distracted manner. His actions
Write a sentence I guess not.
Write a sentence And why should we proclaim it in an hour before his
Write a sentence He shows his reason for that: to have a dispatch of
Write a sentence Well, I beseech you, let it be proclaimed betimes
Write a sentence I shall, sir. Fare you well.
Write a sentence Good night.
Write a sentence These letters at fit time deliver me
Write a sentence It shall be speeded well.
Write a sentence I thank thee, Varrius; thou hast made good haste:
Write a sentence To speak so indirectly I am loath:
Write a sentence Be ruled by him.
Write a sentence Besides, he tells me that, if peradventure
Write a sentence I would Friar Peter--
Write a sentence O, peace! the friar is come.
Write a sentence Come, I have found you out a stand most fit,
Write a sentence My very worthy cousin, fairly met!
Write a sentence Happy return be to your royal grace!
Write a sentence Many and hearty thankings to you both.
Write a sentence You make my bonds still greater.
Write a sentence O, your desert speaks loud; and I should wrong it,
Write a sentence Now is your time: speak loud and kneel before him.
Write a sentence Justice, O royal duke! Vail your regard
Write a sentence Relate your wrongs; in what? by whom? be brief.
Write a sentence O worthy duke,
Write a sentence My lord, her wits, I fear me, are not firm:
Write a sentence By course of justice!
Write a sentence And she will speak most bitterly and strange.
Write a sentence Most strange, but yet most truly, will I speak:
Write a sentence Nay, it is ten times strange.
Write a sentence It is not truer he is Angelo
Write a sentence Away with her! Poor soul,
Write a sentence O prince, I conjure thee, as thou believest
Write a sentence By mine honesty,
Write a sentence O gracious duke,
Write a sentence Many that are not mad
Write a sentence I am the sister of one Claudio,
Write a sentence That's I, an't like your grace:
Write a sentence That's he indeed.
Write a sentence You were not bid to speak.
Write a sentence No, my good lord;
Write a sentence I wish you now, then;
Write a sentence I warrant your honour.
Write a sentence The warrants for yourself; take heed to't.
Write a sentence This gentleman told somewhat of my tale,--
Write a sentence Right.
Write a sentence It may be right; but you are i' the wrong
Write a sentence I went
Write a sentence That's somewhat madly spoken.
Write a sentence Pardon it;
Write a sentence Mended again. The matter; proceed.
Write a sentence In brief, to set the needless process by,
Write a sentence This is most likely!
Write a sentence O, that it were as like as it is true!
Write a sentence By heaven, fond wretch, thou knowist not what thou speak'st,
Write a sentence And is this all?
Write a sentence I know you'ld fain be gone. An officer!
Write a sentence One that I would were here, Friar Lodowick.
Write a sentence A ghostly father, belike. Who knows that Lodowick?
Write a sentence My lord, I know him; 'tis a meddling friar;
Write a sentence Words against me? this is a good friar, belike!
Write a sentence But yesternight, my lord, she and that friar,
Write a sentence Blessed be your royal grace!
Write a sentence We did believe no less.
Write a sentence I know him for a man divine and holy;
Write a sentence My lord, most villanously; believe it.
Write a sentence Well, he in time may come to clear himself;
Write a sentence Good friar, let's hear it.
Write a sentence Pardon, my lord; I will not show my face
Write a sentence What, are you married?
Write a sentence No, my lord.
Write a sentence Are you a maid?
Write a sentence No, my lord.
Write a sentence A widow, then?
Write a sentence Neither, my lord.
Write a sentence Why, you are nothing then: neither maid, widow, nor wife?
Write a sentence My lord, she may be a punk; for many of them are
Write a sentence Silence that fellow: I would he had some cause
Write a sentence Well, my lord.
Write a sentence My lord; I do confess I ne'er was married;
Write a sentence He was drunk then, my lord: it can be no better.
Write a sentence For the benefit of silence, would thou wert so too!
Write a sentence Well, my lord.
Write a sentence This is no witness for Lord Angelo.
Write a sentence Now I come to't my lord
Write a sentence Charges she more than me?
Write a sentence Not that I know.
Write a sentence No? you say your husband.
Write a sentence Why, just, my lord, and that is Angelo,
Write a sentence This is a strange abuse. Let's see thy face.
Write a sentence My husband bids me; now I will unmask.
Write a sentence Know you this woman?
Write a sentence Carnally, she says.
Write a sentence Sirrah, no more!
Write a sentence Enough, my lord.
Write a sentence My lord, I must confess I know this woman:
Write a sentence Noble prince,
Write a sentence I did but smile till now:
Write a sentence Ay, with my heart
Write a sentence Would he were here, my lord! for he indeed
Write a sentence Go do it instantly.
Write a sentence My lord, we'll do it throughly.
Write a sentence 'Cucullus non facit monachum:' honest in nothing
Write a sentence We shall entreat you to abide here till he come and
Write a sentence As any in Vienna, on my word.
Write a sentence Call that same Isabel here once again; I would speak with her.
Write a sentence Not better than he, by her own report.
Write a sentence Say you?
Write a sentence Marry, sir, I think, if you handled her privately,
Write a sentence I will go darkly to work with her.
Write a sentence That's the way; for women are light at midnight.
Write a sentence Come on, mistress: here's a gentlewoman denies all
Write a sentence My lord, here comes the rascal I spoke of; here with
Write a sentence In very good time: speak not you to him till we
Write a sentence Mum.
Write a sentence Come, sir: did you set these women on to slander
Write a sentence 'Tis false.
Write a sentence How! know you where you are?
Write a sentence Respect to your great place! and let the devil
Write a sentence The duke's in us; and we will hear you speak:
Write a sentence Boldly, at least. But, O, poor souls,
Write a sentence This is the rascal; this is he I spoke of.
Write a sentence Why, thou unreverend and unhallow'd friar,
Write a sentence Be not so hot; the duke
Write a sentence Slander to the state! Away with him to prison!
Write a sentence What can you vouch against him, Signior Lucio?
Write a sentence 'Tis he, my lord. Come hither, goodman baldpate:
Write a sentence I remember you, sir, by the sound of your voice: I
Write a sentence O, did you so? And do you remember what you said of the duke?
Write a sentence Most notedly, sir.
Write a sentence Do you so, sir? And was the duke a fleshmonger, a
Write a sentence You must, sir, change persons with me, ere you make
Write a sentence O thou damnable fellow! Did not I pluck thee by the
Write a sentence I protest I love the duke as I love myself.
Write a sentence Hark, how the villain would close now, after his
Write a sentence Such a fellow is not to be talked withal. Away with
Write a sentence What, resists he? Help him, Lucio.
Write a sentence Come, sir; come, sir; come, sir; foh, sir! Why, you
Write a sentence Thou art the first knave that e'er madest a duke.
Write a sentence This may prove worse than hanging.
Write a sentence O my dread lord,
Write a sentence Come hither, Mariana.
Write a sentence I was, my lord.
Write a sentence Go take her hence, and marry her instantly.
Write a sentence My lord, I am more amazed at his dishonour
Write a sentence Come hither, Isabel.
Write a sentence O, give me pardon,
Write a sentence You are pardon'd, Isabel:
Write a sentence I do, my lord.
Write a sentence For this new-married man approaching here,
Write a sentence O my most gracious lord,
Write a sentence It is your husband mock'd you with a husband.
Write a sentence O my dear lord,
Write a sentence Never crave him; we are definitive.
Write a sentence Gentle my liege,--
Write a sentence You do but lose your labour.
Write a sentence O my good lord! Sweet Isabel, take my part;
Write a sentence Against all sense you do importune her:
Write a sentence Isabel,
Write a sentence He dies for Claudio's death.
Write a sentence Most bounteous sir,
Write a sentence Merely, my lord.
Write a sentence Your suit's unprofitable; stand up, I say.
Write a sentence It was commanded so.
Write a sentence Had you a special warrant for the deed?
Write a sentence No, my good lord; it was by private message.
Write a sentence For which I do discharge you of your office:
Write a sentence Pardon me, noble lord:
Write a sentence What's he?
Write a sentence His name is Barnardine.
Write a sentence I would thou hadst done so by Claudio.
Write a sentence I am sorry, one so learned and so wise
Write a sentence I am sorry that such sorrow I procure:
Write a sentence Which is that Barnardine?
Write a sentence This, my lord.
Write a sentence There was a friar told me of this man.
Write a sentence This is another prisoner that I saved.
Write a sentence 'Faith, my lord. I spoke it but according to the
Write a sentence Whipt first, sir, and hanged after.
Write a sentence I beseech your highness, do not marry me to a whore.
Write a sentence Upon mine honour, thou shalt marry her.
Write a sentence Marrying a punk, my lord, is pressing to death,
Write a sentence Slandering a prince deserves it.
Write a sentence I'll pheeze you, in faith.
Write a sentence A pair of stocks, you rogue!
Write a sentence Ye are a baggage: the Slys are no rogues; look in
Write a sentence You will not pay for the glasses you have burst?
Write a sentence No, not a denier. Go by, Jeronimy: go to thy cold
Write a sentence I know my remedy; I must go fetch the
Write a sentence Third, or fourth, or fifth borough, I'll answer him
Write a sentence Huntsman, I charge thee, tender well my hounds:
Write a sentence Why, Belman is as good as he, my lord;
Write a sentence Thou art a fool: if Echo were as fleet,
Write a sentence I will, my lord.
Write a sentence What's here? one dead, or drunk? See, doth he breathe?
Write a sentence He breathes, my lord. Were he not warm'd with ale,
Write a sentence O monstrous beast! how like a swine he lies!
Write a sentence Believe me, lord, I think he cannot choose.
Write a sentence It would seem strange unto him when he waked.
Write a sentence Even as a flattering dream or worthless fancy.
Write a sentence My lord, I warrant you we will play our part,
Write a sentence Take him up gently and to bed with him;
Write a sentence An't please your honour, players
Write a sentence Bid them come near.
Write a sentence We thank your honour.
Write a sentence Do you intend to stay with me tonight?
Write a sentence So please your lordship to accept our duty.
Write a sentence With all my heart. This fellow I remember,
Write a sentence I think 'twas Soto that your honour means.
Write a sentence 'Tis very true: thou didst it excellent.
Write a sentence Fear not, my lord: we can contain ourselves,
Write a sentence Go, sirrah, take them to the buttery,
Write a sentence For God's sake, a pot of small ale.
Write a sentence Will't please your lordship drink a cup of sack?
Write a sentence Will't please your honour taste of these conserves?
Write a sentence What raiment will your honour wear to-day?
Write a sentence I am Christophero Sly; call not me 'honour' nor
Write a sentence Heaven cease this idle humour in your honour!
Write a sentence What, would you make me mad? Am not I Christopher
Write a sentence O, this it is that makes your lady mourn!
Write a sentence O, this is it that makes your servants droop!
Write a sentence Hence comes it that your kindred shuns your house,
Write a sentence Say thou wilt course; thy greyhounds are as swift
Write a sentence Dost thou love pictures? we will fetch thee straight
Write a sentence We'll show thee Io as she was a maid,
Write a sentence Or Daphne roaming through a thorny wood,
Write a sentence Thou art a lord, and nothing but a lord:
Write a sentence And till the tears that she hath shed for thee
Write a sentence Am I a lord? and have I such a lady?
Write a sentence Will't please your mightiness to wash your hands?
Write a sentence These fifteen years! by my fay, a goodly nap.
Write a sentence O, yes, my lord, but very idle words:
Write a sentence Ay, the woman's maid of the house.
Write a sentence Why, sir, you know no house nor no such maid,
Write a sentence Now Lord be thanked for my good amends!
Write a sentence Amen.
Write a sentence I thank thee: thou shalt not lose by it.
Write a sentence How fares my noble lord?
Write a sentence Marry, I fare well for here is cheer enough.
Write a sentence Here, noble lord: what is thy will with her?
Write a sentence Are you my wife and will not call me husband?
Write a sentence My husband and my lord, my lord and husband;
Write a sentence I know it well. What must I call her?
Write a sentence Madam.
Write a sentence Al'ce madam, or Joan madam?
Write a sentence 'Madam,' and nothing else: so lords
Write a sentence Madam wife, they say that I have dream'd
Write a sentence Ay, and the time seems thirty unto me,
Write a sentence 'Tis much. Servants, leave me and her alone.
Write a sentence Thrice noble lord, let me entreat of you
Write a sentence Ay, it stands so that I may hardly
Write a sentence Your honour's players, heating your amendment,
Write a sentence Marry, I will, let them play it. Is not a
Write a sentence No, my good lord; it is more pleasing stuff.
Write a sentence What, household stuff?
Write a sentence It is a kind of history.
Write a sentence Well, well see't. Come, madam wife, sit by my side
Write a sentence Tranio, since for the great desire I had
Write a sentence Mi perdonato, gentle master mine,
Write a sentence Gramercies, Tranio, well dost thou advise.
Write a sentence Master, some show to welcome us to town.
Write a sentence Gentlemen, importune me no farther,
Write a sentence I pray you, sir, is it your will
Write a sentence Mates, maid! how mean you that? no mates for you,
Write a sentence I'faith, sir, you shall never need to fear:
Write a sentence From all such devils, good Lord deliver us!
Write a sentence And me too, good Lord!
Write a sentence Hush, master! here's some good pastime toward:
Write a sentence But in the other's silence do I see
Write a sentence Well said, master; mum! and gaze your fill.
Write a sentence Gentlemen, that I may soon make good
Write a sentence A pretty peat! it is best
Write a sentence Sister, content you in my discontent.
Write a sentence Hark, Tranio! thou may'st hear Minerva speak.
Write a sentence Signior Baptista, will you be so strange?
Write a sentence Why will you mew her up,
Write a sentence Gentlemen, content ye; I am resolved:
Write a sentence Why, and I trust I may go too, may I not? What,
Write a sentence You may go to the devil's dam: your gifts are so
Write a sentence So will I, Signior Gremio: but a word, I pray.
Write a sentence What's that, I pray?
Write a sentence Marry, sir, to get a husband for her sister.
Write a sentence A husband! a devil.
Write a sentence I say, a husband.
Write a sentence I say, a devil. Thinkest thou, Hortensio, though
Write a sentence Tush, Gremio, though it pass your patience and mine
Write a sentence I cannot tell; but I had as lief take her dowry with
Write a sentence Faith, as you say, there's small choice in rotten
Write a sentence I am agreed; and would I had given him the best
Write a sentence I pray, sir, tell me, is it possible
Write a sentence O Tranio, till I found it to be true,
Write a sentence Master, it is no time to chide you now;
Write a sentence Gramercies, lad, go forward; this contents:
Write a sentence Master, you look'd so longly on the maid,
Write a sentence O yes, I saw sweet beauty in her face,
Write a sentence Saw you no more? mark'd you not how her sister
Write a sentence Tranio, I saw her coral lips to move
Write a sentence Nay, then, 'tis time to stir him from his trance.
Write a sentence Ah, Tranio, what a cruel father's he!
Write a sentence Ay, marry, am I, sir; and now 'tis plotted.
Write a sentence I have it, Tranio.
Write a sentence Master, for my hand,
Write a sentence Tell me thine first.
Write a sentence You will be schoolmaster
Write a sentence It is: may it be done?
Write a sentence Not possible; for who shall bear your part,
Write a sentence Basta; content thee, for I have it full.
Write a sentence So had you need.
Write a sentence Tranio, be so, because Lucentio loves:
Write a sentence Where have I been! Nay, how now! where are you?
Write a sentence Sirrah, come hither: 'tis no time to jest,
Write a sentence I, sir! ne'er a whit.
Write a sentence And not a jot of Tranio in your mouth:
Write a sentence The better for him: would I were so too!
Write a sentence So could I, faith, boy, to have the next wish after,
Write a sentence Tranio, let's go: one thing more rests, that
Write a sentence My lord, you nod; you do not mind the play.
Write a sentence Yes, by Saint Anne, do I. A good matter, surely:
Write a sentence My lord, 'tis but begun.
Write a sentence 'Tis a very excellent piece of work, madam lady:
Write a sentence Verona, for a while I take my leave,
Write a sentence Knock, sir! whom should I knock? is there man has
Write a sentence Villain, I say, knock me here soundly.
Write a sentence Knock you here, sir! why, sir, what am I, sir, that
Write a sentence Villain, I say, knock me at this gate
Write a sentence My master is grown quarrelsome. I should knock
Write a sentence Will it not be?
Write a sentence Help, masters, help! my master is mad.
Write a sentence Now, knock when I bid you, sirrah villain!
Write a sentence How now! what's the matter? My old friend Grumio!
Write a sentence Signior Hortensio, come you to part the fray?
Write a sentence 'Alla nostra casa ben venuto, molto honorato signor
Write a sentence Nay, 'tis no matter, sir, what he 'leges in Latin.
Write a sentence A senseless villain! Good Hortensio,
Write a sentence Knock at the gate! O heavens! Spake you not these
Write a sentence Sirrah, be gone, or talk not, I advise you.
Write a sentence Petruchio, patience; I am Grumio's pledge:
Write a sentence Such wind as scatters young men through the world,
Write a sentence Petruchio, shall I then come roundly to thee
Write a sentence Signior Hortensio, 'twixt such friends as we
Write a sentence Nay, look you, sir, he tells you flatly what his
Write a sentence Petruchio, since we are stepp'd thus far in,
Write a sentence Hortensio, peace! thou know'st not gold's effect:
Write a sentence Her father is Baptista Minola,
Write a sentence I know her father, though I know not her;
Write a sentence I pray you, sir, let him go while the humour lasts.
Write a sentence Tarry, Petruchio, I must go with thee,
Write a sentence Katharina the curst!
Write a sentence Now shall my friend Petruchio do me grace,
Write a sentence Here's no knavery! See, to beguile the old folks,
Write a sentence Peace, Grumio! it is the rival of my love.
Write a sentence A proper stripling and an amorous!
Write a sentence O, very well; I have perused the note.
Write a sentence Whate'er I read to her, I'll plead for you
Write a sentence O this learning, what a thing it is!
Write a sentence O this woodcock, what an ass it is!
Write a sentence Peace, sirrah!
Write a sentence Grumio, mum! God save you, Signior Gremio.
Write a sentence And you are well met, Signior Hortensio.
Write a sentence 'Tis well; and I have met a gentleman
Write a sentence Beloved of me; and that my deeds shall prove.
Write a sentence And that his bags shall prove.
Write a sentence Gremio, 'tis now no time to vent our love:
Write a sentence So said, so done, is well.
Write a sentence I know she is an irksome brawling scold:
Write a sentence No, say'st me so, friend? What countryman?
Write a sentence Born in Verona, old Antonio's son:
Write a sentence O sir, such a life, with such a wife, were strange!
Write a sentence Will I live?
Write a sentence Will he woo her? ay, or I'll hang her.
Write a sentence Why came I hither but to that intent?
Write a sentence For he fears none.
Write a sentence Hortensio, hark:
Write a sentence I promised we would be contributors
Write a sentence And so we will, provided that he win her.
Write a sentence I would I were as sure of a good dinner.
Write a sentence Gentlemen, God save you. If I may be bold,
Write a sentence He that has the two fair daughters: is't he you mean?
Write a sentence Even he, Biondello.
Write a sentence Hark you, sir; you mean not her to--
Write a sentence Perhaps, him and her, sir: what have you to do?
Write a sentence Not her that chides, sir, at any hand, I pray.
Write a sentence I love no chiders, sir. Biondello, let's away.
Write a sentence Well begun, Tranio.
Write a sentence Sir, a word ere you go;
Write a sentence And if I be, sir, is it any offence?
Write a sentence No; if without more words you will get you hence.
Write a sentence Why, sir, I pray, are not the streets as free
Write a sentence But so is not she.
Write a sentence For what reason, I beseech you?
Write a sentence For this reason, if you'll know,
Write a sentence That she's the chosen of Signior Hortensio.
Write a sentence Softly, my masters! if you be gentlemen,
Write a sentence What! this gentleman will out-talk us all.
Write a sentence Sir, give him head: I know he'll prove a jade.
Write a sentence Hortensio, to what end are all these words?
Write a sentence Sir, let me be so bold as ask you,
Write a sentence No, sir; but hear I do that he hath two,
Write a sentence Sir, sir, the first's for me; let her go by.
Write a sentence Yea, leave that labour to great Hercules;
Write a sentence Sir, understand you this of me in sooth:
Write a sentence If it be so, sir, that you are the man
Write a sentence Sir, you say well and well you do conceive;
Write a sentence Sir, I shall not be slack: in sign whereof,
Write a sentence O excellent motion! Fellows, let's be gone.
Write a sentence The motion's good indeed and be it so,
Write a sentence Good sister, wrong me not, nor wrong yourself,
Write a sentence Of all thy suitors, here I charge thee, tell
Write a sentence Believe me, sister, of all the men alive
Write a sentence Minion, thou liest. Is't not Hortensio?
Write a sentence If you affect him, sister, here I swear
Write a sentence O then, belike, you fancy riches more:
Write a sentence Is it for him you do envy me so?
Write a sentence If that be jest, then all the rest was so.
Write a sentence Why, how now, dame! whence grows this insolence?
Write a sentence Her silence flouts me, and I'll be revenged.
Write a sentence What, in my sight? Bianca, get thee in.
Write a sentence What, will you not suffer me? Nay, now I see
Write a sentence Was ever gentleman thus grieved as I?
Write a sentence Good morrow, neighbour Baptista.
Write a sentence Good morrow, neighbour Gremio.
Write a sentence And you, good sir! Pray, have you not a daughter
Write a sentence I have a daughter, sir, called Katharina.
Write a sentence You are too blunt: go to it orderly.
Write a sentence You wrong me, Signior Gremio: give me leave.
Write a sentence You're welcome, sir; and he, for your good sake.
Write a sentence I see you do not mean to part with her,
Write a sentence Mistake me not; I speak but as I find.
Write a sentence Petruchio is my name; Antonio's son,
Write a sentence I know him well: you are welcome for his sake.
Write a sentence Saving your tale, Petruchio, I pray,
Write a sentence O, pardon me, Signior Gremio; I would fain be doing.
Write a sentence I doubt it not, sir; but you will curse your
Write a sentence A thousand thanks, Signior Gremio.
Write a sentence Pardon me, sir, the boldness is mine own,
Write a sentence Lucentio is your name; of whence, I pray?
Write a sentence Of Pisa, sir; son to Vincentio.
Write a sentence A mighty man of Pisa; by report
Write a sentence Signior Baptista, my business asketh haste,
Write a sentence After my death the one half of my lands,
Write a sentence And, for that dowry, I'll assure her of
Write a sentence Ay, when the special thing is well obtain'd,
Write a sentence Why, that is nothing: for I tell you, father,
Write a sentence Well mayst thou woo, and happy be thy speed!
Write a sentence Ay, to the proof; as mountains are for winds,
Write a sentence How now, my friend! why dost thou look so pale?
Write a sentence For fear, I promise you, if I look pale.
Write a sentence What, will my daughter prove a good musician?
Write a sentence I think she'll sooner prove a soldier
Write a sentence Why, then thou canst not break her to the lute?
Write a sentence Why, no; for she hath broke the lute to me.
Write a sentence Now, by the world, it is a lusty wench;
Write a sentence Well, go with me and be not so discomfited:
Write a sentence I pray you do.
Write a sentence Well have you heard, but something hard of hearing:
Write a sentence You lie, in faith; for you are call'd plain Kate,
Write a sentence Moved! in good time: let him that moved you hither
Write a sentence Why, what's a moveable?
Write a sentence A join'd-stool.
Write a sentence Thou hast hit it: come, sit on me.
Write a sentence Asses are made to bear, and so are you.
Write a sentence Women are made to bear, and so are you.
Write a sentence No such jade as you, if me you mean.
Write a sentence Alas! good Kate, I will not burden thee;
Write a sentence Too light for such a swain as you to catch;
Write a sentence Should be! should--buzz!
Write a sentence Well ta'en, and like a buzzard.
Write a sentence O slow-wing'd turtle! shall a buzzard take thee?
Write a sentence Ay, for a turtle, as he takes a buzzard.
Write a sentence Come, come, you wasp; i' faith, you are too angry.
Write a sentence If I be waspish, best beware my sting.
Write a sentence My remedy is then, to pluck it out.
Write a sentence Ay, if the fool could find it where it lies,
Write a sentence Who knows not where a wasp does
Write a sentence In his tongue.
Write a sentence Whose tongue?
Write a sentence Yours, if you talk of tails: and so farewell.
Write a sentence What, with my tongue in your tail? nay, come again,
Write a sentence That I'll try.
Write a sentence I swear I'll cuff you, if you strike again.
Write a sentence So may you lose your arms:
Write a sentence A herald, Kate? O, put me in thy books!
Write a sentence What is your crest? a coxcomb?
Write a sentence A combless cock, so Kate will be my hen.
Write a sentence No cock of mine; you crow too like a craven.
Write a sentence Nay, come, Kate, come; you must not look so sour.
Write a sentence It is my fashion, when I see a crab.
Write a sentence Why, here's no crab; and therefore look not sour.
Write a sentence There is, there is.
Write a sentence Then show it me.
Write a sentence Had I a glass, I would.
Write a sentence What, you mean my face?
Write a sentence Well aim'd of such a young one.
Write a sentence Now, by Saint George, I am too young for you.
Write a sentence Yet you are wither'd.
Write a sentence 'Tis with cares.
Write a sentence I care not.
Write a sentence Nay, hear you, Kate: in sooth you scape not so.
Write a sentence I chafe you, if I tarry: let me go.
Write a sentence No, not a whit: I find you passing gentle.
Write a sentence Go, fool, and whom thou keep'st command.
Write a sentence Did ever Dian so become a grove
Write a sentence Where did you study all this goodly speech?
Write a sentence It is extempore, from my mother-wit.
Write a sentence A witty mother! witless else her son.
Write a sentence Am I not wise?
Write a sentence Yes; keep you warm.
Write a sentence Marry, so I mean, sweet Katharina, in thy bed:
Write a sentence Now, Signior Petruchio, how speed you with my daughter?
Write a sentence How but well, sir? how but well?
Write a sentence Why, how now, daughter Katharina! in your dumps?
Write a sentence Call you me daughter? now, I promise you
Write a sentence Father, 'tis thus: yourself and all the world,
Write a sentence I'll see thee hang'd on Sunday first.
Write a sentence Hark, Petruchio; she says she'll see thee
Write a sentence Is this your speeding? nay, then, good night our part!
Write a sentence Be patient, gentlemen; I choose her for myself:
Write a sentence I know not what to say: but give me your hands;
Write a sentence Amen, say we: we will be witnesses.
Write a sentence Father, and wife, and gentlemen, adieu;
Write a sentence Was ever match clapp'd up so suddenly?
Write a sentence Faith, gentlemen, now I play a merchant's part,
Write a sentence 'Twas a commodity lay fretting by you:
Write a sentence The gain I seek is, quiet in the match.
Write a sentence No doubt but he hath got a quiet catch.
Write a sentence And I am one that love Bianca more
Write a sentence Youngling, thou canst not love so dear as I.
Write a sentence Graybeard, thy love doth freeze.
Write a sentence But thine doth fry.
Write a sentence But youth in ladies' eyes that flourisheth.
Write a sentence Content you, gentlemen: I will compound this strife:
Write a sentence First, as you know, my house within the city
Write a sentence That 'only' came well in. Sir, list to me:
Write a sentence Two thousand ducats by the year of land!
Write a sentence Gremio, 'tis known my father hath no less
Write a sentence Nay, I have offer'd all, I have no more;
Write a sentence Why, then the maid is mine from all the world,
Write a sentence I must confess your offer is the best;
Write a sentence That's but a cavil: he is old, I young.
Write a sentence And may not young men die, as well as old?
Write a sentence Well, gentlemen,
Write a sentence Adieu, good neighbour.
Write a sentence A vengeance on your crafty wither'd hide!
Write a sentence Fiddler, forbear; you grow too forward, sir:
Write a sentence But, wrangling pedant, this is
Write a sentence Preposterous ass, that never read so far
Write a sentence Sirrah, I will not bear these braves of thine.
Write a sentence Why, gentlemen, you do me double wrong,
Write a sentence You'll leave his lecture when I am in tune?
Write a sentence That will be never: tune your instrument.
Write a sentence Where left we last?
Write a sentence Here, madam:
Write a sentence Construe them.
Write a sentence 'Hic ibat,' as I told you before, 'Simois,' I am
Write a sentence Madam, my instrument's in tune.
Write a sentence Let's hear. O fie! the treble jars.
Write a sentence Spit in the hole, man, and tune again.
Write a sentence Now let me see if I can construe it: 'Hic ibat
Write a sentence Madam, 'tis now in tune.
Write a sentence All but the base.
Write a sentence The base is right; 'tis the base knave that jars.
Write a sentence In time I may believe, yet I mistrust.
Write a sentence Mistrust it not: for, sure, AEacides
Write a sentence I must believe my master; else, I promise you,
Write a sentence You may go walk, and give me leave a while:
Write a sentence Are you so formal, sir? well, I must wait,
Write a sentence Madam, before you touch the instrument,
Write a sentence Why, I am past my gamut long ago.
Write a sentence Yet read the gamut of Hortensio.
Write a sentence Mistress, your father prays you leave your books
Write a sentence Farewell, sweet masters both; I must be gone.
Write a sentence Faith, mistress, then I have no cause to stay.
Write a sentence But I have cause to pry into this pedant:
Write a sentence No shame but mine: I must, forsooth, be forced
Write a sentence Patience, good Katharina, and Baptista too.
Write a sentence Would Katharina had never seen him though!
Write a sentence Go, girl; I cannot blame thee now to weep;
Write a sentence Master, master! news, old news, and such news as
Write a sentence Is it new and old too? how may that be?
Write a sentence Why, is it not news, to hear of Petruchio's coming?
Write a sentence Is he come?
Write a sentence Why, no, sir.
Write a sentence What then?
Write a sentence He is coming.
Write a sentence When will he be here?
Write a sentence When he stands where I am and sees you there.
Write a sentence But say, what to thine old news?
Write a sentence Why, Petruchio is coming in a new hat and an old
Write a sentence Who comes with him?
Write a sentence O, sir, his lackey, for all the world caparisoned
Write a sentence 'Tis some odd humour pricks him to this fashion;
Write a sentence I am glad he's come, howsoe'er he comes.
Write a sentence Why, sir, he comes not.
Write a sentence Didst thou not say he comes?
Write a sentence Who? that Petruchio came?
Write a sentence Ay, that Petruchio came.
Write a sentence No, sir, I say his horse comes, with him on his back.
Write a sentence Why, that's all one.
Write a sentence Nay, by Saint Jamy,
Write a sentence Come, where be these gallants? who's at home?
Write a sentence You are welcome, sir.
Write a sentence And yet I come not well.
Write a sentence And yet you halt not.
Write a sentence Not so well apparell'd
Write a sentence Were it better, I should rush in thus.
Write a sentence Why, sir, you know this is your wedding-day:
Write a sentence And tells us, what occasion of import
Write a sentence Tedious it were to tell, and harsh to hear:
Write a sentence See not your bride in these unreverent robes:
Write a sentence Not I, believe me: thus I'll visit her.
Write a sentence But thus, I trust, you will not marry her.
Write a sentence Good sooth, even thus; therefore ha' done with words:
Write a sentence He hath some meaning in his mad attire:
Write a sentence I'll after him, and see the event of this.
Write a sentence But to her love concerneth us to add
Write a sentence Were it not that my fellow-school-master
Write a sentence That by degrees we mean to look into,
Write a sentence As willingly as e'er I came from school.
Write a sentence And is the bride and bridegroom coming home?
Write a sentence A bridegroom say you? 'tis a groom indeed,
Write a sentence Curster than she? why, 'tis impossible.
Write a sentence Why he's a devil, a devil, a very fiend.
Write a sentence Why, she's a devil, a devil, the devil's dam.
Write a sentence Tut, she's a lamb, a dove, a fool to him!
Write a sentence What said the wench when he rose again?
Write a sentence Trembled and shook; for why, he stamp'd and swore,
Write a sentence Gentlemen and friends, I thank you for your pains:
Write a sentence Is't possible you will away to-night?
Write a sentence I must away to-day, before night come:
Write a sentence Let us entreat you stay till after dinner.
Write a sentence It may not be.
Write a sentence Let me entreat you.
Write a sentence It cannot be.
Write a sentence Let me entreat you.
Write a sentence I am content.
Write a sentence Are you content to stay?
Write a sentence I am content you shall entreat me stay;
Write a sentence Now, if you love me, stay.
Write a sentence Grumio, my horse.
Write a sentence Ay, sir, they be ready: the oats have eaten the horses.
Write a sentence Nay, then,
Write a sentence O Kate, content thee; prithee, be not angry.
Write a sentence I will be angry: what hast thou to do?
Write a sentence Ay, marry, sir, now it begins to work.
Write a sentence Gentlemen, forward to the bridal dinner:
Write a sentence They shall go forward, Kate, at thy command.
Write a sentence Nay, let them go, a couple of quiet ones.
Write a sentence Went they not quickly, I should die with laughing.
Write a sentence Of all mad matches never was the like.
Write a sentence Mistress, what's your opinion of your sister?
Write a sentence That, being mad herself, she's madly mated.
Write a sentence I warrant him, Petruchio is Kated.
Write a sentence Neighbours and friends, though bride and
Write a sentence Shall sweet Bianca practise how to bride it?
Write a sentence She shall, Lucentio. Come, gentlemen, let's go.
Write a sentence Fie, fie on all tired jades, on all mad masters, and
Write a sentence Who is that calls so coldly?
Write a sentence A piece of ice: if thou doubt it, thou mayst slide
Write a sentence Is my master and his wife coming, Grumio?
Write a sentence O, ay, Curtis, ay: and therefore fire, fire; cast
Write a sentence Is she so hot a shrew as she's reported?
Write a sentence She was, good Curtis, before this frost: but, thou
Write a sentence Away, you three-inch fool! I am no beast.
Write a sentence Am I but three inches? why, thy horn is a foot; and
Write a sentence I prithee, good Grumio, tell me, how goes the world?
Write a sentence A cold world, Curtis, in every office but thine; and
Write a sentence There's fire ready; and therefore, good Grumio, the news.
Write a sentence Why, 'Jack, boy! ho! boy!' and as much news as
Write a sentence Come, you are so full of cony-catching!
Write a sentence Why, therefore fire; for I have caught extreme cold.
Write a sentence All ready; and therefore, I pray thee, news.
Write a sentence First, know, my horse is tired; my master and
Write a sentence How?
Write a sentence Out of their saddles into the dirt; and thereby
Write a sentence Let's ha't, good Grumio.
Write a sentence Lend thine ear.
Write a sentence Here.
Write a sentence There.
Write a sentence This is to feel a tale, not to hear a tale.
Write a sentence And therefore 'tis called a sensible tale: and this
Write a sentence Both of one horse?
Write a sentence What's that to thee?
Write a sentence Why, a horse.
Write a sentence Tell thou the tale: but hadst thou not crossed me,
Write a sentence By this reckoning he is more shrew than she.
Write a sentence Ay; and that thou and the proudest of you all shall
Write a sentence They are.
Write a sentence Call them forth.
Write a sentence Do you hear, ho? you must meet my master to
Write a sentence Why, she hath a face of her own.
Write a sentence Who knows not that?
Write a sentence Thou, it seems, that calls for company to
Write a sentence I call them forth to credit her.
Write a sentence Why, she comes to borrow nothing of them.
Write a sentence Welcome home, Grumio!
Write a sentence How now, Grumio!
Write a sentence What, Grumio!
Write a sentence Fellow Grumio!
Write a sentence How now, old lad?
Write a sentence Welcome, you;--how now, you;-- what, you;--fellow,
Write a sentence All things is ready. How near is our master?
Write a sentence E'en at hand, alighted by this; and therefore be
Write a sentence Where be these knaves? What, no man at door
Write a sentence Here, here, sir; here, sir.
Write a sentence Here, sir! here, sir! here, sir! here, sir!
Write a sentence Here, sir; as foolish as I was before.
Write a sentence You peasant swain! you whoreson malt-horse drudge!
Write a sentence Nathaniel's coat, sir, was not fully made,
Write a sentence Go, rascals, go, and fetch my supper in.
Write a sentence Patience, I pray you; 'twas a fault unwilling.
Write a sentence A whoreson beetle-headed, flap-ear'd knave!
Write a sentence Ay.
Write a sentence Who brought it?
Write a sentence I.
Write a sentence 'Tis burnt; and so is all the meat.
Write a sentence I pray you, husband, be not so disquiet:
Write a sentence I tell thee, Kate, 'twas burnt and dried away;
Write a sentence Peter, didst ever see the like?
Write a sentence He kills her in her own humour.
Write a sentence Where is he?
Write a sentence In her chamber, making a sermon of continency to her;
Write a sentence Thus have I politicly begun my reign,
Write a sentence Is't possible, friend Licio, that Mistress Bianca
Write a sentence Sir, to satisfy you in what I have said,
Write a sentence Now, mistress, profit you in what you read?
Write a sentence What, master, read you? first resolve me that.
Write a sentence I read that I profess, the Art to Love.
Write a sentence And may you prove, sir, master of your art!
Write a sentence While you, sweet dear, prove mistress of my heart!
Write a sentence Quick proceeders, marry! Now, tell me, I pray,
Write a sentence O despiteful love! unconstant womankind!
Write a sentence Mistake no more: I am not Licio,
Write a sentence Signior Hortensio, I have often heard
Write a sentence See, how they kiss and court! Signior Lucentio,
Write a sentence And here I take the unfeigned oath,
Write a sentence Would all the world but he had quite forsworn!
Write a sentence Mistress Bianca, bless you with such grace
Write a sentence Tranio, you jest: but have you both forsworn me?
Write a sentence Mistress, we have.
Write a sentence Then we are rid of Licio.
Write a sentence I' faith, he'll have a lusty widow now,
Write a sentence God give him joy!
Write a sentence Ay, and he'll tame her.
Write a sentence He says so, Tranio.
Write a sentence Faith, he is gone unto the taming-school.
Write a sentence The taming-school! what, is there such a place?
Write a sentence Ay, mistress, and Petruchio is the master;
Write a sentence O master, master, I have watch'd so long
Write a sentence What is he, Biondello?
Write a sentence Master, a mercatante, or a pedant,
Write a sentence And what of him, Tranio?
Write a sentence If he be credulous and trust my tale,
Write a sentence God save you, sir!
Write a sentence And you, sir! you are welcome.
Write a sentence Sir, at the farthest for a week or two:
Write a sentence What countryman, I pray?
Write a sentence Of Mantua.
Write a sentence Of Mantua, sir? marry, God forbid!
Write a sentence My life, sir! how, I pray? for that goes hard.
Write a sentence 'Tis death for any one in Mantua
Write a sentence Alas! sir, it is worse for me than so;
Write a sentence Well, sir, to do you courtesy,
Write a sentence Ay, sir, in Pisa have I often been,
Write a sentence Among them know you one Vincentio?
Write a sentence I know him not, but I have heard of him;
Write a sentence He is my father, sir; and, sooth to say,
Write a sentence To save your life in this extremity,
Write a sentence O sir, I do; and will repute you ever
Write a sentence Then go with me to make the matter good.
Write a sentence No, no, forsooth; I dare not for my life.
Write a sentence The more my wrong, the more his spite appears:
Write a sentence What say you to a neat's foot?
Write a sentence 'Tis passing good: I prithee let me have it.
Write a sentence I fear it is too choleric a meat.
Write a sentence I like it well: good Grumio, fetch it me.
Write a sentence I cannot tell; I fear 'tis choleric.
Write a sentence A dish that I do love to feed upon.
Write a sentence Ay, but the mustard is too hot a little.
Write a sentence Why then, the beef, and let the mustard rest.
Write a sentence Nay then, I will not: you shall have the mustard,
Write a sentence Then both, or one, or any thing thou wilt.
Write a sentence Why then, the mustard without the beef.
Write a sentence Go, get thee gone, thou false deluding slave,
Write a sentence How fares my Kate? What, sweeting, all amort?
Write a sentence Mistress, what cheer?
Write a sentence Faith, as cold as can be.
Write a sentence Pluck up thy spirits; look cheerfully upon me.
Write a sentence I pray you, let it stand.
Write a sentence The poorest service is repaid with thanks;
Write a sentence I thank you, sir.
Write a sentence Signior Petruchio, fie! you are to blame.
Write a sentence Here is the cap your worship did bespeak.
Write a sentence Why, this was moulded on a porringer;
Write a sentence I'll have no bigger: this doth fit the time,
Write a sentence When you are gentle, you shall have one too,
Write a sentence Why, sir, I trust I may have leave to speak;
Write a sentence Why, thou say'st true; it is a paltry cap,
Write a sentence Love me or love me not, I like the cap;
Write a sentence Thy gown? why, ay: come, tailor, let us see't.
Write a sentence You bid me make it orderly and well,
Write a sentence Marry, and did; but if you be remember'd,
Write a sentence I never saw a better-fashion'd gown,
Write a sentence Why, true; he means to make a puppet of thee.
Write a sentence She says your worship means to make
Write a sentence O monstrous arrogance! Thou liest, thou thread,
Write a sentence Your worship is deceived; the gown is made
Write a sentence I gave him no order; I gave him the stuff.
Write a sentence But how did you desire it should be made?
Write a sentence Marry, sir, with needle and thread.
Write a sentence But did you not request to have it cut?
Write a sentence Thou hast faced many things.
Write a sentence I have.
Write a sentence Face not me: thou hast braved many men; brave not
Write a sentence Why, here is the note of the fashion to testify
Write a sentence Read it.
Write a sentence The note lies in's throat, if he say I said so.
Write a sentence Master, if ever I said loose-bodied gown, sew me in
Write a sentence Proceed.
Write a sentence I confess the cape.
Write a sentence I confess two sleeves.
Write a sentence Ay, there's the villany.
Write a sentence Error i' the bill, sir; error i' the bill.
Write a sentence This is true that I say: an I had thee
Write a sentence I am for thee straight: take thou the
Write a sentence God-a-mercy, Grumio! then he shall have no odds.
Write a sentence Well, sir, in brief, the gown is not for me.
Write a sentence You are i' the right, sir: 'tis for my mistress.
Write a sentence Go, take it up unto thy master's use.
Write a sentence Villain, not for thy life: take up my mistress'
Write a sentence Why, sir, what's your conceit in that?
Write a sentence O, sir, the conceit is deeper than you think for:
Write a sentence Tailor, I'll pay thee for thy gown tomorrow:
Write a sentence Well, come, my Kate; we will unto your father's
Write a sentence I dare assure you, sir, 'tis almost two;
Write a sentence It shall be seven ere I go to horse:
Write a sentence Sir, this is the house: please it you that I call?
Write a sentence Ay, what else? and but I be deceived
Write a sentence 'Tis well; and hold your own, in any case,
Write a sentence I warrant you.
Write a sentence Fear you not him. Sirrah Biondello,
Write a sentence Tut, fear not me.
Write a sentence But hast thou done thy errand to Baptista?
Write a sentence I told him that your father was at Venice,
Write a sentence Thou'rt a tall fellow: hold thee that to drink.
Write a sentence Soft son!
Write a sentence Sir, pardon me in what I have to say:
Write a sentence I thank you, sir. Where then do you know best
Write a sentence Not in my house, Lucentio; for, you know,
Write a sentence Then at my lodging, an it like you:
Write a sentence It likes me well. Biondello, hie you home,
Write a sentence I pray the gods she may with all my heart!
Write a sentence Dally not with the gods, but get thee gone.
Write a sentence I follow you.
Write a sentence Cambio!
Write a sentence What sayest thou, Biondello?
Write a sentence You saw my master wink and laugh upon you?
Write a sentence Biondello, what of that?
Write a sentence Faith, nothing; but has left me here behind, to
Write a sentence I pray thee, moralize them.
Write a sentence Then thus. Baptista is safe, talking with the
Write a sentence And what of him?
Write a sentence His daughter is to be brought by you to the supper.
Write a sentence And then?
Write a sentence The old priest of Saint Luke's church is at your
Write a sentence And what of all this?
Write a sentence I cannot tell; expect they are busied about a
Write a sentence Hearest thou, Biondello?
Write a sentence I cannot tarry: I knew a wench married in an
Write a sentence I may, and will, if she be so contented:
Write a sentence Come on, i' God's name; once more toward our father's.
Write a sentence The moon! the sun: it is not moonlight now.
Write a sentence I say it is the moon that shines so bright.
Write a sentence I know it is the sun that shines so bright.
Write a sentence Now, by my mother's son, and that's myself,
Write a sentence Say as he says, or we shall never go.
Write a sentence Forward, I pray, since we have come so far,
Write a sentence I say it is the moon.
Write a sentence I know it is the moon.
Write a sentence Nay, then you lie: it is the blessed sun.
Write a sentence Then, God be bless'd, it is the blessed sun:
Write a sentence Petruchio, go thy ways; the field is won.
Write a sentence Well, forward, forward! thus the bowl should run,
Write a sentence A' will make the man mad, to make a woman of him.
Write a sentence Young budding virgin, fair and fresh and sweet,
Write a sentence Why, how now, Kate! I hope thou art not mad:
Write a sentence Pardon, old father, my mistaking eyes,
Write a sentence Do, good old grandsire; and withal make known
Write a sentence Fair sir, and you my merry mistress,
Write a sentence What is his name?
Write a sentence Lucentio, gentle sir.
Write a sentence Happily we met; the happier for thy son.
Write a sentence But is it true? or else is it your pleasure,
Write a sentence I do assure thee, father, so it is.
Write a sentence Come, go along, and see the truth hereof;
Write a sentence Well, Petruchio, this has put me in heart.
Write a sentence Softly and swiftly, sir; for the priest is ready.
Write a sentence I fly, Biondello: but they may chance to need thee
Write a sentence Nay, faith, I'll see the church o' your back; and
Write a sentence I marvel Cambio comes not all this while.
Write a sentence Sir, here's the door, this is Lucentio's house:
Write a sentence You shall not choose but drink before you go:
Write a sentence They're busy within; you were best knock louder.
Write a sentence What's he that knocks as he would beat down the gate?
Write a sentence Is Signior Lucentio within, sir?
Write a sentence He's within, sir, but not to be spoken withal.
Write a sentence What if a man bring him a hundred pound or two, to
Write a sentence Keep your hundred pounds to yourself: he shall
Write a sentence Nay, I told you your son was well beloved in Padua.
Write a sentence Thou liest: his father is come from Padua and here
Write a sentence Art thou his father?
Write a sentence Ay, sir; so his mother says, if I may believe her.
Write a sentence Lay hands on the villain: I believe a' means to
Write a sentence I have seen them in the church together: God send
Write a sentence Hope I may choose, sir.
Write a sentence Come hither, you rogue. What, have you forgot me?
Write a sentence Forgot you! no, sir: I could not forget you, for I
Write a sentence What, you notorious villain, didst thou never see
Write a sentence What, my old worshipful old master? yes, marry, sir:
Write a sentence Is't so, indeed.
Write a sentence Help, help, help! here's a madman will murder me.
Write a sentence Help, son! help, Signior Baptista!
Write a sentence Prithee, Kate, let's stand aside and see the end of
Write a sentence Sir, what are you that offer to beat my servant?
Write a sentence What am I, sir! nay, what are you, sir? O immortal
Write a sentence How now! what's the matter?
Write a sentence What, is the man lunatic?
Write a sentence Sir, you seem a sober ancient gentleman by your
Write a sentence Thy father! O villain! he is a sailmaker in Bergamo.
Write a sentence You mistake, sir, you mistake, sir. Pray, what do
Write a sentence His name! as if I knew not his name: I have brought
Write a sentence Away, away, mad ass! his name is Lucentio and he is
Write a sentence Lucentio! O, he hath murdered his master! Lay hold
Write a sentence Call forth an officer.
Write a sentence Carry me to the gaol!
Write a sentence Stay, officer: he shall not go to prison.
Write a sentence Talk not, Signior Gremio: I say he shall go to prison.
Write a sentence Take heed, Signior Baptista, lest you be
Write a sentence Swear, if thou darest.
Write a sentence Nay, I dare not swear it.
Write a sentence Then thou wert best say that I am not Lucentio.
Write a sentence Yes, I know thee to be Signior Lucentio.
Write a sentence Away with the dotard! to the gaol with him!
Write a sentence Thus strangers may be hailed and abused: O
Write a sentence O! we are spoiled and--yonder he is: deny him,
Write a sentence Lives my sweet son?
Write a sentence Pardon, dear father.
Write a sentence How hast thou offended?
Write a sentence Here's Lucentio,
Write a sentence Here's packing, with a witness to deceive us all!
Write a sentence Where is that damned villain Tranio,
Write a sentence Why, tell me, is not this my Cambio?
Write a sentence Cambio is changed into Lucentio.
Write a sentence Love wrought these miracles. Bianca's love
Write a sentence I'll slit the villain's nose, that would have sent
Write a sentence But do you hear, sir? have you married my daughter
Write a sentence Fear not, Baptista; we will content you, go to: but
Write a sentence And I, to sound the depth of this knavery.
Write a sentence Look not pale, Bianca; thy father will not frown.
Write a sentence My cake is dough; but I'll in among the rest,
Write a sentence Husband, let's follow, to see the end of this ado.
Write a sentence First kiss me, Kate, and we will.
Write a sentence What, in the midst of the street?
Write a sentence What, art thou ashamed of me?
Write a sentence No, sir, God forbid; but ashamed to kiss.
Write a sentence Why, then let's home again. Come, sirrah, let's away.
Write a sentence Nay, I will give thee a kiss: now pray thee, love, stay.
Write a sentence Is not this well? Come, my sweet Kate:
Write a sentence At last, though long, our jarring notes agree:
Write a sentence Nothing but sit and sit, and eat and eat!
Write a sentence Padua affords this kindness, son Petruchio.
Write a sentence Padua affords nothing but what is kind.
Write a sentence For both our sakes, I would that word were true.
Write a sentence Now, for my life, Hortensio fears his widow.
Write a sentence Then never trust me, if I be afeard.
Write a sentence You are very sensible, and yet you miss my sense:
Write a sentence He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
Write a sentence Roundly replied.
Write a sentence Mistress, how mean you that?
Write a sentence Thus I conceive by him.
Write a sentence Conceives by me! How likes Hortensio that?
Write a sentence My widow says, thus she conceives her tale.
Write a sentence Very well mended. Kiss him for that, good widow.
Write a sentence 'He that is giddy thinks the world turns round:'
Write a sentence Your husband, being troubled with a shrew,
Write a sentence A very mean meaning.
Write a sentence Right, I mean you.
Write a sentence And I am mean indeed, respecting you.
Write a sentence To her, Kate!
Write a sentence To her, widow!
Write a sentence A hundred marks, my Kate does put her down.
Write a sentence That's my office.
Write a sentence Spoke like an officer; ha' to thee, lad!
Write a sentence How likes Gremio these quick-witted folks?
Write a sentence Believe me, sir, they butt together well.
Write a sentence Head, and butt! an hasty-witted body
Write a sentence Ay, mistress bride, hath that awaken'd you?
Write a sentence Ay, but not frighted me; therefore I'll sleep again.
Write a sentence Nay, that you shall not: since you have begun,
Write a sentence Am I your bird? I mean to shift my bush;
Write a sentence She hath prevented me. Here, Signior Tranio.
Write a sentence O, sir, Lucentio slipp'd me like his greyhound,
Write a sentence A good swift simile, but something currish.
Write a sentence 'Tis well, sir, that you hunted for yourself:
Write a sentence O ho, Petruchio! Tranio hits you now.
Write a sentence I thank thee for that gird, good Tranio.
Write a sentence Confess, confess, hath he not hit you here?
Write a sentence A' has a little gall'd me, I confess;
Write a sentence Now, in good sadness, son Petruchio,
Write a sentence Well, I say no: and therefore for assurance
Write a sentence Content. What is the wager?
Write a sentence Twenty crowns.
Write a sentence Twenty crowns!
Write a sentence A hundred then.
Write a sentence Content.
Write a sentence A match! 'tis done.
Write a sentence Who shall begin?
Write a sentence That will I.
Write a sentence I go.
Write a sentence Son, I'll be your half, Bianca comes.
Write a sentence I'll have no halves; I'll bear it all myself.
Write a sentence Sir, my mistress sends you word
Write a sentence How! she is busy and she cannot come!
Write a sentence Ay, and a kind one too:
Write a sentence I hope better.
Write a sentence Sirrah Biondello, go and entreat my wife
Write a sentence O, ho! entreat her!
Write a sentence I am afraid, sir,
Write a sentence She says you have some goodly jest in hand:
Write a sentence Worse and worse; she will not come! O vile,
Write a sentence I know her answer.
Write a sentence What?
Write a sentence She will not.
Write a sentence The fouler fortune mine, and there an end.
Write a sentence Now, by my holidame, here comes Katharina!
Write a sentence What is your will, sir, that you send for me?
Write a sentence Where is your sister, and Hortensio's wife?
Write a sentence They sit conferring by the parlor fire.
Write a sentence Go fetch them hither: if they deny to come.
Write a sentence Here is a wonder, if you talk of a wonder.
Write a sentence And so it is: I wonder what it bodes.
Write a sentence Marry, peace it bodes, and love and quiet life,
Write a sentence Now, fair befal thee, good Petruchio!
Write a sentence Nay, I will win my wager better yet
Write a sentence Lord, let me never have a cause to sigh,
Write a sentence Fie! what a foolish duty call you this?
Write a sentence I would your duty were as foolish too:
Write a sentence The more fool you, for laying on my duty.
Write a sentence Katharina, I charge thee, tell these headstrong women
Write a sentence Come, come, you're mocking: we will have no telling.
Write a sentence Come on, I say; and first begin with her.
Write a sentence She shall not.
Write a sentence I say she shall: and first begin with her.
Write a sentence Fie, fie! unknit that threatening unkind brow,
Write a sentence Why, there's a wench! Come on, and kiss me, Kate.
Write a sentence Well, go thy ways, old lad; for thou shalt ha't.
Write a sentence 'Tis a good hearing when children are toward.
Write a sentence But a harsh hearing when women are froward.
Write a sentence Come, Kate, we'll to bed.
Write a sentence Now, go thy ways; thou hast tamed a curst shrew.
Write a sentence 'Tis a wonder, by your leave, she will be tamed so.
Write a sentence Boatswain!
Write a sentence Here, master: what cheer?
Write a sentence Good, speak to the mariners: fall to't, yarely,
Write a sentence Heigh, my hearts! cheerly, cheerly, my hearts!
Write a sentence Good boatswain, have care. Where's the master?
Write a sentence I pray now, keep below.
Write a sentence Where is the master, boatswain?
Write a sentence Do you not hear him? You mar our labour: keep your
Write a sentence Nay, good, be patient.
Write a sentence When the sea is. Hence! What cares these roarers
Write a sentence Good, yet remember whom thou hast aboard.
Write a sentence None that I more love than myself. You are a
Write a sentence I have great comfort from this fellow: methinks he
Write a sentence Down with the topmast! yare! lower, lower! Bring
Write a sentence A pox o' your throat, you bawling, blasphemous,
Write a sentence Work you then.
Write a sentence Hang, cur! hang, you whoreson, insolent noisemaker!
Write a sentence I'll warrant him for drowning; though the ship were
Write a sentence Lay her a-hold, a-hold! set her two courses off to
Write a sentence All lost! to prayers, to prayers! all lost!
Write a sentence What, must our mouths be cold?
Write a sentence The king and prince at prayers! let's assist them,
Write a sentence I'm out of patience.
Write a sentence We are merely cheated of our lives by drunkards:
Write a sentence He'll be hang'd yet,
Write a sentence Let's all sink with the king.
Write a sentence Let's take leave of him.
Write a sentence Now would I give a thousand furlongs of sea for an
Write a sentence If by your art, my dearest father, you have
Write a sentence Be collected:
Write a sentence O, woe the day!
Write a sentence No harm.
Write a sentence More to know
Write a sentence 'Tis time
Write a sentence You have often
Write a sentence The hour's now come;
Write a sentence Certainly, sir, I can.
Write a sentence By what? by any other house or person?
Write a sentence 'Tis far off
Write a sentence Thou hadst, and more, Miranda. But how is it
Write a sentence But that I do not.
Write a sentence Twelve year since, Miranda, twelve year since,
Write a sentence Sir, are not you my father?
Write a sentence Thy mother was a piece of virtue, and
Write a sentence O the heavens!
Write a sentence Both, both, my girl:
Write a sentence O, my heart bleeds
Write a sentence My brother and thy uncle, call'd Antonio--
Write a sentence Sir, most heedfully.
Write a sentence Being once perfected how to grant suits,
Write a sentence O, good sir, I do.
Write a sentence I pray thee, mark me.
Write a sentence Your tale, sir, would cure deafness.
Write a sentence To have no screen between this part he play'd
Write a sentence O the heavens!
Write a sentence Mark his condition and the event; then tell me
Write a sentence I should sin
Write a sentence Now the condition.
Write a sentence Alack, for pity!
Write a sentence Hear a little further
Write a sentence Wherefore did they not
Write a sentence Well demanded, wench:
Write a sentence Alack, what trouble
Write a sentence O, a cherubim
Write a sentence How came we ashore?
Write a sentence By Providence divine.
Write a sentence Would I might
Write a sentence Now I arise:
Write a sentence Heavens thank you for't! And now, I pray you, sir,
Write a sentence Know thus far forth.
Write a sentence All hail, great master! grave sir, hail! I come
Write a sentence Hast thou, spirit,
Write a sentence To every article.
Write a sentence My brave spirit!
Write a sentence Not a soul
Write a sentence Why that's my spirit!
Write a sentence Close by, my master.
Write a sentence But are they, Ariel, safe?
Write a sentence Not a hair perish'd;
Write a sentence Of the king's ship
Write a sentence Safely in harbour
Write a sentence Ariel, thy charge
Write a sentence Past the mid season.
Write a sentence At least two glasses. The time 'twixt six and now
Write a sentence Is there more toil? Since thou dost give me pains,
Write a sentence How now? moody?
Write a sentence My liberty.
Write a sentence Before the time be out? no more!
Write a sentence I prithee,
Write a sentence Dost thou forget
Write a sentence No.
Write a sentence Thou dost, and think'st it much to tread the ooze
Write a sentence I do not, sir.
Write a sentence Thou liest, malignant thing! Hast thou forgot
Write a sentence No, sir.
Write a sentence Thou hast. Where was she born? speak; tell me.
Write a sentence Sir, in Argier.
Write a sentence O, was she so? I must
Write a sentence Ay, sir.
Write a sentence This blue-eyed hag was hither brought with child
Write a sentence Yes, Caliban her son.
Write a sentence Dull thing, I say so; he, that Caliban
Write a sentence I thank thee, master.
Write a sentence If thou more murmur'st, I will rend an oak
Write a sentence Pardon, master;
Write a sentence Do so, and after two days
Write a sentence That's my noble master!
Write a sentence Go make thyself like a nymph o' the sea: be subject
Write a sentence The strangeness of your story put
Write a sentence Shake it off. Come on;
Write a sentence 'Tis a villain, sir,
Write a sentence But, as 'tis,
Write a sentence Come forth, I say! there's other business for thee:
Write a sentence My lord it shall be done.
Write a sentence Thou poisonous slave, got by the devil himself
Write a sentence As wicked dew as e'er my mother brush'd
Write a sentence For this, be sure, to-night thou shalt have cramps,
Write a sentence I must eat my dinner.
Write a sentence Thou most lying slave,
Write a sentence O ho, O ho! would't had been done!
Write a sentence Abhorred slave,
Write a sentence You taught me language; and my profit on't
Write a sentence Hag-seed, hence!
Write a sentence No, pray thee.
Write a sentence So, slave; hence!
Write a sentence Where should this music be? i' the air or the earth?
Write a sentence The ditty does remember my drown'd father.
Write a sentence The fringed curtains of thine eye advance
Write a sentence What is't? a spirit?
Write a sentence No, wench; it eats and sleeps and hath such senses
Write a sentence I might call him
Write a sentence Most sure, the goddess
Write a sentence No wonder, sir;
Write a sentence My language! heavens!
Write a sentence How? the best?
Write a sentence A single thing, as I am now, that wonders
Write a sentence Alack, for mercy!
Write a sentence Yes, faith, and all his lords; the Duke of Milan
Write a sentence Why speaks my father so ungently? This
Write a sentence O, if a virgin,
Write a sentence Soft, sir! one word more.
Write a sentence No, as I am a man.
Write a sentence There's nothing ill can dwell in such a temple:
Write a sentence Follow me.
Write a sentence No;
Write a sentence O dear father,
Write a sentence What? I say,
Write a sentence Beseech you, father.
Write a sentence Hence! hang not on my garments.
Write a sentence Sir, have pity;
Write a sentence Silence! one word more
Write a sentence My affections
Write a sentence Come on; obey:
Write a sentence So they are;
Write a sentence Be of comfort;
Write a sentence Thou shalt be free
Write a sentence To the syllable.
Write a sentence Come, follow. Speak not for him.
Write a sentence Beseech you, sir, be merry; you have cause,
Write a sentence Prithee, peace.
Write a sentence He receives comfort like cold porridge.
Write a sentence The visitor will not give him o'er so.
Write a sentence Look he's winding up the watch of his wit;
Write a sentence Sir,--
Write a sentence One: tell.
Write a sentence When every grief is entertain'd that's offer'd,
Write a sentence A dollar.
Write a sentence Dolour comes to him, indeed: you
Write a sentence You have taken it wiselier than I meant you should.
Write a sentence Therefore, my lord,--
Write a sentence Fie, what a spendthrift is he of his tongue!
Write a sentence I prithee, spare.
Write a sentence Well, I have done: but yet,--
Write a sentence He will be talking.
Write a sentence Which, of he or Adrian, for a good
Write a sentence The old cock.
Write a sentence The cockerel.
Write a sentence Done. The wager?
Write a sentence A laughter.
Write a sentence A match!
Write a sentence Though this island seem to be desert,--
Write a sentence Ha, ha, ha! So, you're paid.
Write a sentence Uninhabitable and almost inaccessible,--
Write a sentence Yet,--
Write a sentence Yet,--
Write a sentence He could not miss't.
Write a sentence It must needs be of subtle, tender and delicate
Write a sentence Temperance was a delicate wench.
Write a sentence Ay, and a subtle; as he most learnedly delivered.
Write a sentence The air breathes upon us here most sweetly.
Write a sentence As if it had lungs and rotten ones.
Write a sentence Or as 'twere perfumed by a fen.
Write a sentence Here is everything advantageous to life.
Write a sentence True; save means to live.
Write a sentence Of that there's none, or little.
Write a sentence How lush and lusty the grass looks! how green!
Write a sentence The ground indeed is tawny.
Write a sentence With an eye of green in't.
Write a sentence He misses not much.
Write a sentence No; he doth but mistake the truth totally.
Write a sentence But the rarity of it is,--which is indeed almost
Write a sentence As many vouched rarities are.
Write a sentence That our garments, being, as they were, drenched in
Write a sentence If but one of his pockets could speak, would it not
Write a sentence Ay, or very falsely pocket up his report
Write a sentence Methinks our garments are now as fresh as when we
Write a sentence 'Twas a sweet marriage, and we prosper well in our return.
Write a sentence Tunis was never graced before with such a paragon to
Write a sentence Not since widow Dido's time.
Write a sentence Widow! a pox o' that! How came that widow in?
Write a sentence What if he had said 'widower AEneas' too? Good Lord,
Write a sentence 'Widow Dido' said you? you make me study of that:
Write a sentence This Tunis, sir, was Carthage.
Write a sentence Carthage?
Write a sentence I assure you, Carthage.
Write a sentence His word is more than the miraculous harp; he hath
Write a sentence What impossible matter will he make easy next?
Write a sentence I think he will carry this island home in his pocket
Write a sentence And, sowing the kernels of it in the sea, bring
Write a sentence Ay.
Write a sentence Why, in good time.
Write a sentence Sir, we were talking that our garments seem now
Write a sentence And the rarest that e'er came there.
Write a sentence Bate, I beseech you, widow Dido.
Write a sentence O, widow Dido! ay, widow Dido.
Write a sentence Is not, sir, my doublet as fresh as the first day I
Write a sentence That sort was well fished for.
Write a sentence When I wore it at your daughter's marriage?
Write a sentence You cram these words into mine ears against
Write a sentence Sir, he may live:
Write a sentence No, no, he's gone.
Write a sentence Sir, you may thank yourself for this great loss,
Write a sentence Prithee, peace.
Write a sentence You were kneel'd to and importuned otherwise
Write a sentence So is the dear'st o' the loss.
Write a sentence My lord Sebastian,
Write a sentence Very well.
Write a sentence And most chirurgeonly.
Write a sentence It is foul weather in us all, good sir,
Write a sentence Foul weather?
Write a sentence Very foul.
Write a sentence Had I plantation of this isle, my lord,--
Write a sentence He'ld sow't with nettle-seed.
Write a sentence Or docks, or mallows.
Write a sentence And were the king on't, what would I do?
Write a sentence 'Scape being drunk for want of wine.
Write a sentence I' the commonwealth I would by contraries
Write a sentence Yet he would be king on't.
Write a sentence The latter end of his commonwealth forgets the
Write a sentence All things in common nature should produce
Write a sentence No marrying 'mong his subjects?
Write a sentence None, man; all idle: whores and knaves.
Write a sentence I would with such perfection govern, sir,
Write a sentence God save his majesty!
Write a sentence Long live Gonzalo!
Write a sentence And,--do you mark me, sir?
Write a sentence Prithee, no more: thou dost talk nothing to me.
Write a sentence I do well believe your highness; and
Write a sentence 'Twas you we laughed at.
Write a sentence Who in this kind of merry fooling am nothing
Write a sentence What a blow was there given!
Write a sentence An it had not fallen flat-long.
Write a sentence You are gentlemen of brave metal; you would lift
Write a sentence We would so, and then go a bat-fowling.
Write a sentence Nay, good my lord, be not angry.
Write a sentence No, I warrant you; I will not adventure
Write a sentence Go sleep, and hear us.
Write a sentence What, all so soon asleep! I wish mine eyes
Write a sentence Please you, sir,
Write a sentence We two, my lord,
Write a sentence Thank you. Wondrous heavy.
Write a sentence What a strange drowsiness possesses them!
Write a sentence It is the quality o' the climate.
Write a sentence Why
Write a sentence Nor I; my spirits are nimble.
Write a sentence What, art thou waking?
Write a sentence Do you not hear me speak?
Write a sentence I do; and surely
Write a sentence Noble Sebastian,
